and if you're interested in being involved in finishing green school and building the next 50 around the world, please come and see us.
and it was done not by us, not by me, but by nature.
and we saw about 35 alternations between open water and ice-covered water, between gravels and these plant sediments.
well we've shown you that gnp per capita doesn't make any difference.
we kill bacteria with traditional antibiotics and that selects for resistant mutants.
i control the brain in order to understand how it works.
what did we find? we found that six- to 13-year-olds can self-instruct in a connected environment, irrespective of anything that we could measure.
she said, that's not me.
we emerge out of relationships, and we are deeply interpenetrated, one with another.
and now i want to talk about something entirely different.
we are right now in the beautiful oreo of existence -- of at least life on planet earth -- following the first horrible microbial age.
one reason, actually, has to do with a feeling of being wrong.
we don't need mechanized workers.
and i went off on assignment and came back a week later, and father keene said, i've got to talk to you about hyun-sook.
it's a mushroom exclusive to the old-growth forest that dioscorides first described in 65 a.d.
that man, of course, was abraham.
one person walks into a car lot, and they're thinking about buying this toyota yaris.
so, it really was cognitive psychology -- you know, cognitive dissonance -- that i was experiencing.
something was missing, you know. i mean, these are -- it's kind of weird to think that someone had to do an experiment to show that, but that was what was going on at the time.
and he knew that it gives us a sense of trust, and it allows us then to take the kind of creative risks that we need to take as designers.
they're closer to 50-50. they're not responding to payoffs as closely, and also if you study their learning in the game, they aren't as sensitive to previous rewards.
and bed nets are a great tool.
listen, you'll see being dead is dandy.
it affects the diameter and then can turn to the left, turn to the right.
and this is the sleep tracking system of today.
and we do a lot of work here.
so i was sent to all indiscriminate postings, postings which others would say no.
i've tried this in many, many schools.
so the three-year-old does two things differently.
i wrote a letter to my girls that appears at the end of my book, the council of dads, and i listed these lessons, a few of which you've heard here today approach the cow, pack your flipflops, don't see the wall, live the questions, harvest miracles.
it's named after latin for seahorse, which it resembles.
emily levine richard. what did i say?
this man was in an ngo feeding center, being helped as much as he could be helped.
and you may wonder why.
and we would bring them into the army, and the first thing we would do is to put them in an environment of structure, put them in ranks, make them all wear the same clothes, cut all their hair off so they look alike, make sure that they are standing in ranks.
so creative commons has developed the developing nations license.
and one of our most popular managers jokes that, this is what he says, google is a place where the inmates run the asylum.
the reason most of us are only familiar with electric charge and not both of these is because of the higgs particle.
it takes off. it's a big woosh.
and you're aware of how many people are around you because of the micro-noises you're receiving.
he said, that's what i'm talking about. that's what you need.
if you look at the first slide there, that's the temporal lobes, frontal lobes, parietal lobes, ok -- the lobes that constitute the brain.
they see no reason to do this.
it does not have to be imposed from the top downwards.
i found this passion not far from here, actually, when i was nine years old.
but actually, they were impressed by my words.
cp i got out of mom's, and i'm back in school right now.
and i really, strongly believe in the power of the small story, because it is so difficult to do humanitarian work at a global scale.
i had access to him. i could study him, have him come to my home, get to know him, do psychological analysis to see, was he a good apple or bad apple.
all of that is necessary, but we still have huge amounts of problems to overcome.
fourteen billion years pass and this song is still ringing all around us.
two million at 100,000.
and he said, if you don't believe me, just take me with you.
and they already had a six legged robot called lemur.
the first is to plan retrofitting much more systemically at the metropolitan scale.
chicken eggs, hundreds of millions of chicken eggs.
and all of it, then, all the galleries are underground, and you see the openings for the light.
it's very hard to know, by the way, what it is you take for granted.
and i'll just say what i'm about to do. what i'm about to do -- i hope you can recognize that there's a distorted sine wave, almost a triangular wave upon this hewlett-packard oscilloscope.
it's been very confusing for a long time now.
so let's get going because africa, to some degree, is on a turnaround.
and the quality of sleep is degraded, and so is our recovery.
so it's not really that out of these haphazard contacts, perfection arises.
i could not get this thing to work no matter how often or how hard i blew into it.
and here you see a dead duck.
so where do we go from here?
narrator paul has his data, so they decide to release the animal back into the river.
a bit like inflation you over-issue currency, you get what you see, declining prices.
one of the ways that we've come to think about this is that what we're trying to do with the institute for figuring and projects like this, we're trying to have kindergarten for grown-ups.
we need these moments of surprise and reversal and wrongness to make these stories work.
tell us, charlie, why would you say he should be able to use a golf cart?
war and tooth, enameled salted lemon childhoods.
what's going on there?
and you are helped to visualize the decrease of the infection.
there's parts of the genome where it cannot tolerate even a single error, and then there's parts of the genome where we can put in large blocks of dna, as we did with the watermarks, and it can tolerate all kinds of errors.
they feed on other little things. they feed on mosquito larvae.
if you're an outboard personnel, now you stand up.
but, what it all comes down to is this.
it's very physical. it looks nothing like a traditional game.
he married and had two sons. he had friends in high places who assured him that he was of great value to the economy.
1249
this is at about 60 feet or 18 meters, depth.
i don't want to feel these.
and the other one was to design the object and make sure that it was a consumer product and not a research tool.
it's a liberation from our misconceptions, and it's an incentive to not expect so much from ourselves and to simply begin.
you might have had a french club or a debate club.
this individual has made the choice and is closing this water diversion, leaving the water in the stream.
ways of reclaiming overused farmland, so that within two years they can again be productive.
i just thought they'd be kind of fun to do.
because for me, it feels like a fertile, creative medium.
it's where our senses are located, our special senses -- our vision, our speech, our hearing, our smell, our taste.
so in fact, the price of timber in the beijing marketplace ought to have been three-times what it was had it reflected the true pain and the costs to the society within china.
how the molecules are put together.
and everybody in this room -- you wouldn't be in this room if you bought that theory -- but the -- most of society thinks biography is destiny.
again, studies have shown it's directly attributable to the rise of due process.
these are stills from the video.
what's different about them?
and all the ship can do is to dance and pitch along with the waves.
we can't tell where are the watering holes like we can on an african plain.
it's the styrofoam and chocolate game.
it's not interesting because it's so common.
being on the same stage as al gore, who was the first person i ever voted for.
you can put social innovation to the same rigorous, scientific tests that we use for drugs.
i believe we need to bring the humanitarian world from analog to digital.
the big news that i want to announce today is that next month we will be bringing in the very last bear of india, into our rescue center.
maybe it's something special in his brain that allows him to make tools or to have mathematics.
some food waste, as i said at the beginning, will inevitably arise, so the question is, what is the best thing to do with it?
now, the other type of mantis shrimp is the smasher stomatopod, and these guys open up snails for a living.
always i've found two, but the wrong color. spades, sorry.
and then it gives you an output in 3d space.
and to find a starry sky like this is even more difficult.
yb and we made a baby.
as the medieval knight antonius block returns from the wild goose chase of the crusades and arrives on the rocky shore of sweden, only to find the specter of death waiting for him, mr. teszler sat in the dark with his fellow students. and as death opened his cloak to embrace the knight in a ghastly embrace, i heard mr. teszler's tremulous voice uh oh, he said, this doesn't look so good.
chris, could you stand up and let them see you -- a young, visionary filmmaker who's made a film.
throughout her life she had been heating water with firewood, and she had hand washed laundry for seven children.
i did not know where the beach was.
and your neighborly duty is to pass the beer along, at risk to your own trousers, to get it to the destination.
and people began to say, i turn myself off when i feel dead inside, when i don't like my body, when i feel old, when i haven't had time for myself, when i haven't had a chance to even check in with you, when i don't perform well at work, when i feel low self esteem, when i don't have a sense of self-worth, when i don't feel like i have a right to want, to take, to receive pleasure.
there were no parks; there were no green spaces.
some of us have a burglar alarm system at home, and some of us don't.
well what he does is he moves around in a very drunken fashion on his head in a very unpredictable and extremely slow movement.
so in life and in papercutting, everything is connected.
i'd like to demonstrate what i mean by this by telling the story of the dvd, which is a technology which has done all of these.
so that doesn't really work.
some of you would eat it only if it's a strangely colored piece of tofu.
and there are very, very few things that are that urgent that need to happen, that need to be answered right this second.
i want you to imagine this for a moment.
notice that on the left the two tiles look nearly completely opposite one very white and one very dark.
we're also starting ancillary health-care technology training programs -- training people in echocardiography, cardiac ultrasound, those kinds of things. now, with that kind of training, it gives people motivation.
of course, there are people who dislike this stuff and people who find it very surprising.
what are you going to do with a masters degree?
what if, out there, others are asking and answering similar questions?
he actually assumes more of the danger in this.
so for a year i said i would keep quiet, and then on my birthday i would reassess what i had learned and maybe i would talk again.
now look, as long as we continue to increase the population, we're going to have to continue to grow and eat genetically modified foods, and that's the only position that i'll take today.
i began operating my business with 1-2-3, began writing add-ins for 1-2-3, wrote a natural language interface to 1-2-3.
they can disappear and escape bullets.
the next day i was in tahrir.
virtue is an old-fashioned word.
what does this compassion entail?
everything we do looks at the major issues in the world.
but only just.
so, what happened is, a graduate student in china, lulu qian, did a great job.
why would daddy bring elder revels?
very often at school, i'd be taking pictures, and she would whisper into her girlfriends' ears, and then look at me and say, stop.
maira kalman, the illustrated woman
mt which means magic is theater and every trick is a story.
well, saving that fuel, 69 percent of the fuel in light vehicles costs about 57 cents per saved gallon.
brain magic to me indicates that area of magic dealing with psychological and mind-reading effects.
at times, they are complimented by negotiated settlements, or at least cease-fire agreements, and peacekeepers are deployed.
but no doubt part of this was his great joy and pleasure in showing people that he could think more simply than they could.
and on a factual basis, over 80 percent of the u.s.'s most popular shows are exported around the world.
now the first step, pretty easy.
so my art became slightly more critical.
poster for atlantic center for the arts, a school in florida.
so to do that, what you really need to do, you need to look at the things that the genes are producing and what's happening after the genetics, and that's what proteomics is about.
if i place that between, now all the dough is touching, but if i stick that light back in, i have light.
i don't have the ability to control my left foot.
so, here we are, mission. big trouble.
and if it isn't easily gotten, we'll go ahead and steal it.
children,economics,education,food,global issues,green
this could be embarrassing.
don levy a cinematic journey through visual effects
10 years ago, it used to cost about a quarter billion.
so, at this point, i do want to tell you that some of the major challenges we have.
and then, suddenly, i went wow
that's how underpaid younger-aged people have to fold your t-shirt.
30 percent of our households gave.
which ensure that over five percent of the province's gdp is accounted for by this trade.
and then i spent a year going to long, tedious, boring meetings, trying to sell this logo through to a huge corporation to the point of tears.
he robbed him at gunpoint.
former us secretary of state madeleine albright talks bluntly about politics and diplomacy, making the case that women's issues deserve a place at the center of foreign policy. far from being a soft issue, she says, women's issues are often the very hardest ones, dealing directly with life and death. a frank and funny qa with pat mitchell from the paley center.
773
there were 56, and when our president wanted to amend the constitution and remove term limits, he had to create 25 new districts, and now there are 81.
and i'm like, because i'm here and it's cheap, and you know, i kind of like pittsburgh.
it's very fashionable to talk about human trafficking, in this fantastic a-c hall.
600,000 people were displaced.
richard st. john success is a continuous journey
but this is exactly what i did because i wanted to know what had turned my best friend into a terrorist, and why she'd never tried to recruit me.
when we think about new approaches to aid, it's impossible not to talk about pakistan.
he got together in his lab 300 men, a measuring tape, and a movie camera.
fourth-graders understand it -- nine years old -- and they handle that and use that to understand how to, not follow -- at first they do -- the paths to power and destruction, the path to war.
we had a waves up to 50 ft.
in those early days of the final solution, it was handcrafted brutality; people were beaten to death and their bodies tossed into the river.
i want you to remember that to create life's very diverse and complex forms, life uses computation to do that.
secondly, the government had ignored all available alternatives to war, which in some ways was a more discreditable thing still.
so we've come up with a few new things. we've got bed nets.
new york.
but i had to rig it with strands of glue.
and as soon as the crabs touched the arm, it was lights out.
because, when you zoom out that far, you lose the ability to view people as humans.
come over here. now notice, he thinks robots have to be a bit stiff.
fifty percent of all the money that they earn or get gifted, 50 percent goes in their house account, 50 percent goes in their toy account.
and that's it. i was going to bring an airplane, but i was worried about hitting people in here, so i thought this would be a little bit more gentle.
the one physical system, the brain, contains an accurate working model of the other -- the quasar.
and we just -- you know, there weren't really people working on that before, so we wanted people to try to -- all the best brains in the world to start thinking about that, and also to try to extract the methane out of the earth's atmosphere as well.
the tunisian experiment, as amir was saying, inspired all of us, showed us that there is a way.
rat, that's a rat -- could have been you.
as jared diamond and others have shown us, this is how civilizations commit suicide, by slamming their foot on the accelerator at the exact moment when they should be putting on the brakes.
the last step, of course, is application.
this shows saint paul's on the left.
they do a whole host of things that have to do with self-reflection, introspection, working memory and so forth.
and anything american will work for me.
. that's really going to go a long way.
we found out about it a few days later.
conservatives have more of a five-foundation, or five-channel morality.
we have the opportunity now to bring together all the stakeholders to re-envision how this 28 acres can be better utilized for parkland, affordable housing and local economic development.
and you could taste herbs, you could taste spices.
i said, now, that's a true american.
the rainy ones fall down as if they're in a rainstorm, and the snowy ones kind of flutter to the ground.
and what i'm talking about is this.
we've got over 90 servers now in three locations.
so i quit my company and started a career as a professional performer.
httpwww.ted.comtalkshansroslingreligionsandbabies.html
so, you know, this does happen.
so joshua has a cheese sandwich and he says, yum yum yum yum yum i love cheese sandwiches.
of course they will. because as a receiver of language, they are receiving it and representing it, and in information it's representing crap.
but these are really high-performance athletic animals.
but as you can see, when i talk, i speak with an american accent, which you would think as an iranian-american actor, i should be able to play any part, good, bad, what have you.
i created all around town.
we use the notion of color.
well, i propose a direct test.
but the extra bonuses that she gets is various infections, sexually transmitted infections, hiv, aids, syphilis, gonorrhea, you name it, substance abuse, drugs, everything under the sun.
but if you take a different approach, and you think of very large-scale integration, very advanced materials, very advanced manufacturing -- so you're pouring chemicals in one end, ipods are spewing out the other -- and really cool design, that's what we wanted to do.
and their aspiration was to buy a car.
my preconception of bilbao was this wonderful building, you go inside and there'd be extraordinary spaces.
i don't really understand why you're laughing.
first of all, when you form an institution, you take on a management problem, right?
and so they're valuable. this is precious metals and gemstones.
this is expected to double, triple or maybe quadruple year over year for the foreseeable future.
and that 200 is going to change to 600 this summer, and there's no sign of this pace slowing.
i said, it's a bacchanal by titian.
and then this is a film, on the lower left, that charles and ray made.
it looks like saturn because, of course, it is.
i said, i'm in love with your niece, i think she's an incredibly special child.
and how far down into it you figure we'll have to scroll to get to the golden ticket?
pr i would like to say that i have learned so much from aicha, starting with that day we had our very first meeting with other family members -- which was a very private meeting with security, because it was november 2002, and, frankly, we were afraid of the super-patriotism of that time in the country -- those of us family members.
tr if you don't have the money, but you're creative and determined enough, you find the way. so this is the ultimate resource.
rb so it's expressing its emotion through its face and the prosody in its voice.
fizzy, fresh, soft, luscious, juicy, smooth, big and sweet wines, all explained to you by color and texture on the wall.
and now, we have an entire suite of tools that are really pretty powerful -- ships, satellites, moorings.
and the answer is not yet, they're working.
so i think that really does tell us why it is we need to get our priorities straight.
now within that framework, we can obviously experience regret about a lot of different things.
this is a pretty interesting trend, because we used to live in a world where everyone's said glibly, form follows function, but i think i've sort of grown up in a world -- you listened to neil gershenfeld yesterday; i was in a lab associated with his -- where it's really a world where information defines form and function.
we as a world are faced with a problem.
the bosnian soldier who guided me told me that all of his friends were there now.
and that sugar dough?
but it also has the potential to not only provide multiform but multi-processional sequences.
and then if she were trying to kill the children, she succeeded.
this is a touching slate meant for blind children.
well we can begin to ask those questions also.
and that's the thing that bothers most people, is that progress is really real, but we wonder and question what are the environmental costs of it?
they've come to stay.
this is called the dress.
i had failed on every level.
you need to have those 64-, 65-year-olds who have been doing this for a long time to understand which antelope you're actually trying to catch.
our bodies and homes are covered in microbes -- some good for us, some bad for us. as we learn more about the germs and microbes who share our living spaces, fellow jessica green asks can we design buildings that encourage happy, healthy microbial environments?
in a way, much more powerful than the kind of tools we're looking at, because most of what's being done today is to rely on things like anti-malarial drugs.
we're working with the guy who invented the seawater greenhouse.
if you haven't lost a limb -- you've had a stroke, for example -- you can wear these augmented limbs.
and my brother and i started to pick it, and our hands were startin' to bleed, and then -- mom
so what happens is you dance on the grave, and after you've done your dance, everyone toasts you and tells you how great you are.
bing capital's acquisition of edcon, a large retailer, is testimony to the confidence they are starting to place in the economy.
in fact, pam, if you're watching this, please forgive me.
internet,computers,statistics,visualizations,web
you need a model to understand them.
of course, during the training, we do that with objects.
so i will spend a little time at the end.
i was literally pushed to school.
now that's dangerous, to use average data, because there is such a lot of difference within countries. so if i go and look here, we can see that uganda today is where south korea was 1960. if i split uganda, there's quite a difference within uganda. these are the quintiles of uganda.
this was civic mobilization.
i mean, you might just be a kid with a webcam, but if you can do something that goes viral, you get to be seen by the equivalent of sports stadiums crammed with people.
because he's the senior water rights holder, he can protect the water from other users in the stream.
design,education,poverty
and they said yes, and they left me completely alone, which was a gorgeous, wonderful thing.
public health is another reason to consider retrofitting.
it's actual useful. it's got value.
because for years people had bought this software, tried it out -- 95 percent accuracy was all they got, which means one in 20 words is wrong -- and they put it in their drawer. and the company got sick of that, so they said, this version, we're not going to do anything but make sure it's darned accurate.
women can talk; black men ski; white men build strong buildings; we build strong suns.
for example, there is french chinese food, where they serve salt and pepper frog legs.
but the interactivity allows the audience to shape what you're going to do as much as you shape their experience of the world.
you're going to see kind of blooming of the flu in the middle.
we listen to differences, we discount sounds that remain the same.
we're smitten with technology.
you can't just go around going, oh, i'm going to put some triangles in a circle and they're going to be symmetrical. and they're all going to add up, and it's going to be, oh yeah, i figured that out.
and then if that node has cancer, the woman would go on to get the axillary lymph node dissection.
these ringed seals, these are the fatsicles of the arctic.
but i wanted to check if this is true. so what i did last year was we hired a car, looked up on google, found a route into northern india from new delhi which, you know, which did not cross any big cities or any big metropolitan centers. drove out about 300 kilometers, and wherever we found a school, administered a set of standard tests, and then took those test results and plotted them on a graph.
so this is the space during tutoring hours.
so effectively, we went from womb to tomb.
this is an error, and i can prove it to you by showing the kinds of irrationalities to which it leads.
it's a heartwarming story, but if you drill a little bit deeper, you've got to sort of wonder about what exactly was going on there.
and the cell is obviously for us a fascinating thing.
and it's all brute force. and that's the way we've been approaching energy. so the lesson in agriculture is that you can actually change the system that's based on brute force as you start merging that system and learning that system and actually applying biology. and you move from a discipline of engineering, you move from a discipline of chemistry, into a discipline of biology. and probably one of the most important human beings on the planet is this guy behind me.
you don't have to do anything to it; you just literally watch it grow.
they are using flip cameras to record, edit, and reporting to their own channel, kibera tv.
people come together to sing about the things that really bug them.
sebastian seung i am my connectome
tasty
david s. rose on pitching to vcs
and again, closely related to inequality.
but it has its limitations.
we're saying that you cannot solve the problem of climate change in one country; you've got to involve all countries.
did you think it was modern? yes you did.
we went to a meeting, and the men in my delegation, when i would say, well i feel we should do something about this, and they'd say, what do you mean, you feel?
we can engage so many more students with this, and they can have a better time doing it.
and to get the government permissions, you read in the paper, you think it's easy to get into cuba everyday?
this really happened. we were sitting there and i think they just went out of sequence, because we talked to the little boy afterward and we said, you ok with that? and he said, yeah, why? was that wrong?
and he explained that when i was born, i was born premature, that i came out much too early, and i wasn't fully baked; i was very, very sick.
so the hand that looks so good from the beginning, number three, at the end was actually the lowest hand.
while you're thinking about that, this was an experiment done by susan blackmore, a psychologist in england, who showed subjects this degraded image and then ran a correlation between their scores on an esp test how much did they believe in the paranormal, supernatural, angels and so forth.
but what we now know is that for a number of diseases, there are defects in the system where the body can't prune back extra blood vessels or can't grow enough new ones in the right place at the right time.
that means for every dollar you deposit, it loans out about nine or 10.
but despite our verbal assurances, they wanted some proof.
i throw them into this complex matrix, and they trust me because we have a deep, rich relationship together.
ca well, god saved her and you got your just reward.
95 percent of the glaciers in the world are retreating or shrinking, and that's because the precipitation patterns and the temperature patterns are changing.
unfortunately, just across the road from it or quite close by is the column of marcus aurelius, and the diameter of the dirigible makes an impression, as you can see, as she starts trying to read the story that spirals around the column of marcus aurelius -- gets a little too close, nudges it.
every part of the ecosystem in this place seems very healthy, from tiny, little animals like a nudibrank crawling over encrusting sponge or a leatherjacket that is a very important animal in this ecosystem because it grazes on the bottom and allows new life to take hold.
it is an essential pillar to this country's recovery.
1195
let's go to approaches.
a bit more challenging, right?
this is a full bottle of calms forte.
so these are a couple of instrumentalists.
that's why i broke all the professional rules of conduct for an economist, and i wrote an economics book that you could read on a beach.
after a counseling session, a woman said to me, because you have felt me, i can feel myself again, and i want to participate again in my family life.
ms the greatest benefit to all.
ca lee cronin, good luck.
right now, you have a few enthusiasts talking about it, some in a positive side, some in a negative side -- but that's a dangerous state to be in because there's very little depth of knowledge on this topic.
and this is true of most ants -- that the ants you see walking around don't do much eating.
i'll just give you a few examples.
and we have actually flown this vehicle and lost an engine, and continued to hover.
screw you. go to the back of the line and someone else will do it, and then when you figure out that this works, you can join as well.
now there is an alternative to just planting trees and hoping that they won't get chopped down.
hansen says we can expect about a five-meter rise in sea levels.
but you know what? i was getting work experience.
when we used this groundbreaking eeg technology to actually look at justin's brain, the results were startling.
so, today who is it going to take to spread the infection from 100,000 children to the 200 million children in india?
if i said to you that there is somebody behind the screen who is very very successful, certain ideas would immediately come to mind.
if all human beings disappeared from the earth, within 50 years all forms of life would flourish.
now this is important, because border conflicts justify so much of the world's military-industrial complex.
compare the chalk writing with the lexigram on the keyboard.
you don't do book talks at ted, but i'm going to have just one slide about my book, because there is one message in it which i think this group really needs to hear.
and at nine years old, i walked around in the city of sudbury selling license plate protectors door to door to houses.
so then we took the muir webs and we took them back to the maps.
i've been fascinated for a lifetime by the beauty, form and function of giant bluefin tuna.
but if you remove the arm, you simply anesthetize my arm, so you put an injection into my arm, anesthetize the brachial plexus, so the arm is numb, and there is no sensations coming in, if i now watch you being touched, i literally feel it in my hand.
so you can immediately apprehend the relationship between efficacy and popularity, but you can also, if you grade the evidence, do a worth it line.
and we were very, very happy.
and so, as a cancer doctor, instead of having paper in my chart, in your chart, and it being this thick, this is what data flow is starting to look like in our offices, where that drop of blood is creating gigabytes of data.
you really dont want to leave it if you want to have a career in perfumery.
alan kay is famous for saying the best way to predict the future is to invent it.
the mycelium infuses all landscapes, it holds soils together, it's extremely tenacious.
but the victim refused to press charges because she claimed that law enforcement had permanently altered her memory through the use of frederick's photograph.
i'll give you an example.
we just got this slide done in time for the ted conference.
creating an environment of learning, of inquiry, of exploration is what is true education.
but we sent -- thought, ok, if we're going to need to do this, let's do it in-library.
sometimes, in the middle of a resistant problem, i write down things that i know about it.
i just moderated a major conference in london a few weeks ago called sound education, which brought together top acousticians, government people, teachers, and so forth.
the german magazine stern, a news magazine, had its app censored because the apple nannies deemed it to be a little bit too racy for their users, and despite the fact that this magazine is perfectly legal for sale on newsstands throughout germany.
that's why -- jump, like that? no, don't jump.
and children tend to get into fights which escalate in terms of force.
by the time you realize what's happening, the child is a toddler, up and causing havoc, and it's too late to put it back.
these are my sculptures.
all of a sudden the market opens. here's her choice one grapes or two grapes.
and it lists currently 374 mental disorders.
they would, you know, throw it back at you.
and finally, it often happens that you're giving a talk, and for some reason the audience is looking at the slide instead of at you
lots of credit card debt, huge environmental footprints, and perhaps not coincidentally, our happiness levels flat-lined over the same 50 years.
we will be able to fly into the anatomy of peter's brain -- literally, fly into his body -- but more importantly, we can look into his mind.
now this is the point in the talk where i'm supposed to come up with some kind of a solution for the patent system.
and what i'd like you to do in this shot is keep your eye on this, on the surface of the load cell, as the limb comes flying through.
this is our time. this is intimate time.
and right now i have in place, for the last nine months, a plan that in five years, every nomad will have clean drinking water.
i think we need to begin developing maps of this territory so that we can talk about it across disciplines.
in detail, for instance, they couldn't get the mass of the electron to work out correctly in this theory.
and one of the problems that we face, i think, is that the only people that have cornered the market in terms of progress is a financial definition of what progress is, an economic definition of what progress is -- that somehow, if we get the right numbers to go up, we're going to be better off, whether that's on the stock market, whether that's with gdp and economic growth, that somehow life is going to get better.
on the other hand, amphetamines like cocaine are dopamine agonists.
and this is how we've seen the ocean since the beginning of time.
we asked this question 10 years ago.
people really want to know about, ok, administrators, things like that.
to pretend they're not a mess when they are a mess.
you can't numb those hard feelings without numbing the other affects, our emotions.
i didn't save all of them, because i didn't realize at the beginning that it would be something that i would want to keep track of.
and what's really, really great about being here is i'm sure that the questions that you guys have are very, very different than the questions that i think up myself.
i submit that the intelligence of a lancet fluke is down there somewhere between petunia and carrot.
life expectancy has gone up by about 25 years.
i strongly recommend melinda gates' last tedtalk.
perhaps most exciting to me is an idea that bill gates, howard buffett and others have supported boldly, which is to ask the question what if, instead of looking at the hungry as victims -- and most of them are small farmers who cannot raise enough food or sell food to even support their own families -- what if we view them as the solution, as the value chain to fight hunger?
my country is war-torn.
there would be no right or wrong and no hope beyond your brief years on earth.
sort of like a digital jiminy -- as in the well-known fairy tale -- a kind of friendly, supportive presence that's always there to be able to help you make the right decision in the right way at the right time to help you form healthy habits.
688
and then i would ask them a number of questions like what was the happiest day in their life, what makes them happy.
milo i just really miss my old house, that's all.
in the lab, we've observed tremendous synergies between chemotherapy and tumor treating fields.
i do not use them as weapons.
on that schematic picture, a sort of time-lapse picture, we're halfway.
the next thing is that if you want to predict the effect of one species on another, if you focus only on that link, and then you black box the rest, it's actually less predictable than if you step back, consider the entire system -- all the species, all the links -- and from that place, hone in on the sphere of influence that matters most.
os thank you. thank you.
metaphor creates a kind of conceptual synesthesia, in which we understand one concept in the context of another.
it makes me feel good that many of the words you are hearing were first spoken while i was commenting on casablanca and citizen kane.
but when i finish it, i seem to like those ikea pieces of furniture more than i like other ones.
financially, seen over the long term, it was actually successful.
and so the show was given the green light.
as a child, i read the newspaper thoroughly.
so, i wasted some time there.
and nano was, bang, 2,000 dollars.
because we think liars fidget all the time.
i told najmuddin, that's a trick.
and also, the bitterness and even resentment towards the rich and the powerful is quite widespread.
a national highway construction boom was added to our problems.
and when we launch these technologies to patients we want to make sure that we ask ourselves a very tough question.
much of the time we're transfixed by all of the ways we can reflect ourselves into the world.
bbm thank you.
i'm going to show now the last project.
everybody begins to move around, and your task is to keep track of who had a coat at the beginning and who didn't. so i'm just going to show you an example where there is only one sad kid. it's easy because you can actually track it with your eyes. you can track, you can track, and then when it stops, and there is a question mark, and i ask you, did this kid have a coat or not?
if we were having this ted meeting in our grandparents' day, that might not be so big a claim.
i'm still heating the air every time and cooling the air every time.
and these are six minutes they really prepared for the ted audience.
and roots and shoots is a program for hope.
one was that, in the summer of 2004, the british government, somewhat reluctantly, decided to have an official inquiry into the use of intelligence on wmd in the run up to the iraq war, a very limited subject.
they're both peer-to-peer car-sharing services, because the two things that really work for car-sharing is, one, the car has to be available, and two, it's within one or two blocks of where you stand.
it's the first time in the history of ghana that a woman has been elected head of student government at any university.
and so the collective effect of all of that has been this marginalization of lots and lots of jobs.
if we have the courage to understand or accept that this actually how the world really works, and this is the order of priority that we need to choose, then it makes obvious why we need to choose open hardware for developing environmental technology, because we need to share information.
1073
both of them live at the confluence of public health and enterprise, and both of them, because they're manufacturers, create jobs directly, and create incomes indirectly, because they're in the malaria sector, and africa loses about 13 billion dollars a year because of malaria.
biology,entrepreneur,food,genetics,science,technology
and as we get farther away, the sound gets fainter and fainter.
maybe they go later, not right away.
have you ever wondered why extremism seems to have been on the rise in muslim-majority countries over the course of the last decade?
ok, so i'd like you to take a little away from this.
but you know, these stories, and lots of other experiments that we've done on conflicts of interest, basically kind of bring two points to the foreground for me.
and we said, okay, here is some seed fund.
i went in and showed them a pairing i'd done, and jerry donohue -- he was a chemist -- he said, it's wrong.
and what's exciting -- you all travel, and you know the best thing about traveling is to be able to find the locals, and to find the great places by getting the local knowledge.
tbp how do we get there?
and then just leave it all to them.
people need to know the harm that institutions cause to children, and the better alternatives that exist.
even worse, the most common influenza -- influenza a -- also infects animals that live in close proximity to humans, and they can recombine in those particular animals.
they know this is the mass audience of the future; they need to figure it out.
with all of us knowing everything, we're kind of forced by technology to become buddhas or something, to become enlightened.
and i'll come back to that in a minute, because i think the results so far have been remarkable, and i can only anticipate and get real excited about what i think is going to happen in the next eight years, while we get to the 2015 initiative.
but a lot of other animals weren't saved.
and there are more than 200 formats, across 50 cities and towns of india.
and they've inspired many characters as well.
it you're unmarried, that number drops to three.
if you live in new york, you know how the bike messengers move.
so i thought we could build a super bowl ad for this.
it's amazing to think that this is actually on earth; it looks like aliens in an alien environment.
i know how they do it.
and so life is a big question, i think, in simplicity, because you're trying to simplify your life.
it isn't easy.
it was just a much smaller city, and the pace of urbanization is incredible and enormous.
and it turned out that one of the guys there, a friend of mine that i never actually met, but befriended through some prop deals, was the manager of a local foundry.
lp so when you get a chance, spend some time with simon.
and greed and hubris are intimately intertwined when it comes to recklessness.
so now, what's great about these free-stylers, they will get cued different words.
ks little bit -- that's perfect, just perfect.
so luckily, the science -- no, sorry -- the marketing is getting easier.
the good news is a third of you didn't hold up your hand. your apple's still out there.
for example, most other germanic language speakers feel completely comfortable talking about rain tomorrow by saying, morgen regnet es, quite literally to an english ear, it rain tomorrow.
that's very good.
anyway, i'd rather have paradise in my head than live in this hell
so here is the bottom line.
and even if they were able to do so, even if i'm wrong, it's extremely unlikely the taliban would invite back al-qaeda.
fast-forward more than two decades apple launches the iphone in china and censors the dalai lama out along with several other politically sensitive applications at the request of the chinese government for its chinese app store.
but the point was that i was there as myself, as a dreamer.
but on this side, it has sugary gummy bears, to diffuse the light more slightly.
but you've got to grab their emotional attention, focused on you, within that first few seconds.
here is our founding meeting.
they think it was an inside job by the bush administration.
oh, well -- men are more adulterous
sam richards a radical experiment in empathy
and so i decided quite at an early age i wanted to be a diplomat.
second, no doubt more familiar to you, is the nature of modern american education scripted, lock-step curricula.
he's a director of an electroplating company.
we need to unpack complex health care interventions into smaller components that can be more easily transferred to less-trained individuals.
so, what can we do about it?
okay. good.
but could they have predicted this unprecedented spike less than halfway through the earth's life?
this is the second day in rockett's life.
unfortunately, many of us in this room are supporters of capitalist policies and market forces.
so actually how do we harvest this bone marrow?
even the ones that believed they were getting better matched the controls exactly. exactly.
and quite frankly, that's a good question, but there's going to be some tough tradeoffs and choices here, so you want to hope that the process by which the world decides these new goals is going to be legitimate, right?
but if you line them up, if you just take those three skulls and just line them up, they line up like this.
you do a number of things you're a vice president, you volunteer, you do something else.
here's pagoda structures.
this is actually a limb injury in this salamander.
he also told me about the great explorers.
the redundancy was actually good for me.
and so, the theory tells us that when diarrheal disease organisms are transported by water, we expect them to be more predator-like, more harmful.
in the olden days, explorers like vasco da gama and columbus had the good fortune to open up the terrestrial globe.
how should you start?
ca but just to clarify, the 25 billion dollars is gross, right? that's gross?
number one is, they have been living essentially unchanged for the past 400 years.
let me give you a little peek here of the phoenix islands-protected area.
and i'm presenting it here at ted. why?
civil society is pushing, civil society is trying to get a solution to this problem, also in the u.k., and also in japan, which is not properly enforcing, and so on.
but if you were to guess.
it matters because the health care industry is the second most energy intensive industry in the united states.
the world presented me with options, and i took them.
you can't miss it when i tell you what's there.
if i would have been born a hundred years earlier, the big decisions in my life would have been made for me -- meaning i would have stayed in the town that i was born in; i would have very much likely entered the same profession that my dad did; and i would have very much likely married a woman that my mom had selected.
and what this project was doing was taking the effluent of these, and turning them into all of this food.
this is a wine-buying experience simplified by color and taste.
even if these regions aren't part of the e.u., they are becoming part of its sphere of influence.
well, i know the world is flat now.
bernoulli's gift, bernoulli's little formula, allows us, it tells us how we should think in a world for which nature never designed us.
he'd say, well, in my day, most people throve, but some thrived.
you know, we're going to do things a little differently.
also with its own app store, where you can download programs.
it was february 3rd, 2008.
i have no idea.
one of them is to take that real ...
in addition to that, it's listed, the artist's name, the location, how long they spent drawing it.
but it's also not when the other person is that far apart that you no longer see them.
these memes are spreading around the world and they are wiping out whole cultures.
and we then got a letter just this week from the company who wrote it, wanting to track down the source -- saying, hey, we want to track down the source.
then you can't help but make them go wow; you can't help but turn it into a memorable event -- you can't help but turn it into an experience.
this is all about self-interest that adds up to more.
it's incredibly powerful, and it has this dynamic where you have to return at a certain time to water your crops -- fake crops -- or they wilt.
they're going to survive as long as our species survives on what shakespeare called this mortal coil.
but the fact that those dictators suppressed democracy in their country and suppressed islamic groups in their country actually made the islamists much more strident.
seconds after this video was taken, people in beijing, people in sydney, people in amsterdam, people in washington d.c. were watching this.
i become the medium through which the music is being channeled, and in the process, when all is right, the music is transformed and so am i.
it means star in swahili.
and i am convinced.
he was telling me, patients are coming.
my daughter's 20. she's a college student.
it's the teaching hospital for harvard -- one of the best hospitals in the country.
but moore's law, which is very often identified with this exponential growth, is just one example of many, because it's basically a property of the evolutionary process of technology.
but today it's most widely used in office buildings -- in the sprinkler system -- as a fire-suppression fluid.
we're doing it in mice first, and we will kill a lot of mice in the process of doing this, but they will die for a good cause.
inside of the bronze ball there's a lead weight that is free-swinging on an axle that's on two bearings that pass in between, across it, like this, that counterbalance this weight.
secondly, the world is now so noisy, with this cacophony going on visually and auditorily, it's just hard to listen; it's tiring to listen.
i mean, that's just not possible, you know.
then they promote the uptake of nutrients.
understandably, the majority of the medical industry is focused on multiple-use drugs, such as long-term daily medications.
and i started putting those two together and wondering, could i build a toy where kids would kind of trip across all these interesting principles of life, as it exists and as it might go in the future.
and i just want to thank everybody for coming.
the aggregate numbers now are that basically squatters, all one billion of them, are building the urban world, which means they're building the world -- personally, one by one, family by family, clan by clan, neighborhood by neighborhood.
so i remember those nights i used to go to sleep with asking help from the unknown because, for some reason, i couldn't believe what my father and mother hanged in the puja room as a god, because my friend's family had something else as a god.
it's only been with us for less than a century, and in that time, that fourth dimension, when radioactive dating came about, less than a century ago, and we could actually tell how old some of these things were, is probably the most profound transformation, because it changes the way we look at ourselves and the world dramatically.
so anyone who's gotten their passport in america will tell you, when you get your passport, it still says what country you were born in.
they were too young to survive without their mother.
can i come and interview you about your special brain anomaly?
and so this woman, mrs. young-soon han, i suppose will have taught me the most that i have learned about race.
this story is about taking imagination seriously.
first of all, we need to find more robust, good and reliable biological solutions, more good bugs that we can either mass-produce or actually conserve in the field.
number three on charlotte's list was, i should have learned not to crush on guys three times my age.
now, you might say, these are decisions we don't care about.
and this was the 1960s when actually all the streets in this neighborhood were named after confederate war generals.
and that kept him going.
there's only 8,000 basking shark females in the world?
so, in conclusion, i think the message is clear.
but in the meantime, for the next decade at least, the name of the game is hydrocarbons. and be that oil, be that gas, be that coal, this is what we're dealing with. and before i make this talk too long, here's what's happening in the current energy system.
ben kacyra you can see here, these systems are extremely fast.
this makes no sense, because physicians have all kinds of problems that they don't realize have solutions.
we haven't yet launched, but if you go there, you can sign up to be part of our private beta, which is probably going to start in about three or four weeks.
so the patient had an actual arm, which is painful, in a sling for a few months or a year, and then, in a misguided attempt to get rid of the pain in the arm, the surgeon amputates the arm, and then you get a phantom arm with the same pains, right?
and that's why i went out and i picked up a best-selling business book.
but 10,000 men, of which only 400 were women -- 10,000 -- 9,000 plus about 600 were men.
well, just on the other side of the amo river, in the heilongjiang and harbin provinces of china, you have over 100 million people.
that's what i have behind myself.
first, we've got to be ready and willing to take experts on and dispense with this notion of them as modern-day apostles.
transposons are just small pieces of dna that randomly insert in the genetic code.
that big metal thing is a passage, and in it is -- you go downstairs into the living room and then down into the bedroom, which is on the right.
now let's look at another part of the world, the former soviet republics of central asia, the 'stans.
this tag rides on the tuna, senses the environment around the tuna and actually will come off the fish, detach, float to the surface and send back to earth-orbiting satellites position data estimated by math on the tag, pressure data and temperature data.
i don't know what to do.
what they haven't been so good about instructing people is the problem of darkly pigmented people living in high latitude areas, or working inside all the time.
now that's another issue and not my fault.
so in 1965, i went to what was called the worst bihar famine in india, and i saw starvation, death, people dying of hunger, for the first time.
but here's the thing we are the voters.
it's a charitable entity, basically a grant-giving entity that gives money back to indigenous groups around the world for educational, cultural projects initiated by them.
as far as cleaning them, i don't mean to cast any aspersion on people cleaning birds.
that's a lot.
chris anderson thank you enric.
and how do we do that?
now why am i telling you this story, and what does this have to do with the future of health?
over dinner, i asked him an impertinent question.
significant problems remained.
here from underneath is an ant foot, and when the claws don't dig in, that pad automatically comes out without the ant doing anything.
she also explores themes of consumerism, and the environment, such as in this work, where these basket-like objects look organic and woven, and are woven, but with the strips of steel, salvaged from cars that she found in a bangalore junkyard.
and the next bar over, the red line, says if your friend's friends are obese, your risk of obesity is 25 percent higher.
now this little quote about sculpture from henry moore, i believe that that pressure within that moore's talking about -- at least when it comes to cars -- comes right back to this idea of the mean.
i'm particularly interested in how you can't rely on your own perception.
so if you think about it, this is an extreme case scenario, because in the real world, whenever you are taking passenger's seat, very often the driver is going to be someone you trust, an expert, etc. so this is an extreme case scenario.
one is to try and work out the gender of the shark.
so in conclusion, the eleventh reason for optimism, in addition to the space elevator, is that i think with technology, entertainment and design, we can actually increase the amount of tonnage of human happiness on the planet.
they're why stock investors hold onto losing stocks longer -- because they're evaluating them in relative terms.
but i was exhausted and dog-bitten, and so i said, no.
and here you'll see daniel throw this hoop into the air, while the robot is calculating the position of the hoop and trying to figure out how to best go through the hoop.
they are able to respond to gravity, of course, so the shoots are growing against the vector of gravity and the roots toward the vector of gravity.
it's not better public transportation.
and the tone from the email was, you know, it had been a very bad day, obviously.
the first thing that i learned is when you're holding your breath you should never move at all; that wastes energy.
with the sub's lights switched off, it is possible to see their bioluminescence -- the light produced when they collide with the mesh.
that's right -- flies, like people, have dopamine, and it acts on their brains and on their synapses through the same dopamine receptor molecules that you and i have.
we have some other data where they play across computers.
that environment, people, are in these tight feedback loops and creating a kind of scaffolding that has not been noticed until now.
more significant than what they eat is how they eat it.
for that i won a big old plaque -- man of the year in education.
mike biddle we can recycle plastic
governments snatch short-term opportunities and, by the end of the conflict, the chickens have come home to roost.
and it's very difficult to tune.
and it is certainly a wonder.
i'm kidding. i'm not kidding.
so one of the things that i do is i actually look through my server logs very carefully.
well, then you'd be screwed because you'd know what to wish for and you'd used up your wish.
so if i take this salt dough, again, it's like the play-dough you probably made as kids, and i plug it in -- it's a two-lead battery pack, simple battery pack, you can buy them at radio shack and pretty much anywhere else -- we can actually then light things up.
and plant.
but we're going to start with what we call stage one.
if the dark energy remains around, the stars around us will use up their nuclear fuel, they will stop burning.
in sweden, we have no concurrency.
we know that solutions are available today.
my saying was going to be, i'm taking out the trash
and so people who live in areas with a lot of malaria are going to have lower life expectancy than people who live in areas with limited malaria.
this is the billion dollar o-gram, and this image arose out of frustration i had with the reporting of billion-dollar amounts in the press.
there's more.
and i think i'll take off this one.
but it was a very clever move.
ok, thank you very much.
a terrible disease. it was in the united states. it was in europe.
since that time, he's continued to work with his people, and not only the ashaninka nation, but all the peoples of the amazon and beyond.
and we're entering an era of really, truly scarless surgery called notes, where the robotic endoscope can come out the stomach and pull out that gallbladder all in a scarless way and robotically.
and this forest is quite different.
there is a big schism between the ones who make gospel animals and porn animals, but -- they do a lot of really cool stuff with balloons.
compare that to this woman from uganda.
but what to do about people who are voting with a blank ballot?
it was built by 12 barefoot architects who can't read and write, built on 1.50 a sq. ft.
tedwomen,culture,data,economics,women
its what we humans do when we go in the ocean as engineers; we take all our terrestrial hang-ups, all our constraints -- importantly, these two-dimensional constraints that we have, and theyre so constrained we dont even understand it -- and we take them underwater.
culture,health care,marketing,medicine,short talk
and alhurra is a u.s. government- sponsored arabic language television network that distributes news and information to over 22 countries in the arab world.
and now what we're looking at is really creating a surface capture as opposed to a marker capture.
now, i'm not anti-hospital.
i don't mean to make it sound like this is an actual exact science, it's not.
there is a lot in this rich biota that is going to serve us well.
he had discovered after all that the painting he thought was this was actually that.
you can stand on one side of the world, whisper something and be heard on the other.
it is fortunate that we are becoming less of an idea leader because for too long the united states, and a handful of other developed countries, have shouldered the entire burden of research and development.
this is the way our centers are set up.
it's transparent, and it allows you to understand, i think, what is always the most interesting thing in any building, which is the actual constructional processes that make it.
and the same weapons are still here, and they are still armed.
and she said, no, the lego is the treasure.
and does purpose play into it?
ms all right. stay there, charlie.
these are all tacos eaten in mexico city near a train station on july fifth to july sixth.
a made-in-hell phone.
plants and organisms that make shells, coral, think of it as a building block.
he said two interesting things, a teacher that can be replaced by a machine should be.
if fibonacci had been on paxil, that would be the fibonacci series.
american women said to len, when he dated them, you're no fun. you don't have positive emotion. get lost.
well, within about three weeks, i incautiously turned that idea of a couple of time-lapse cameras into 25 time-lapse cameras.
how are people actually going to use this?
or you can do it through loss of consciousness, by accelerating in a centrifuge.
now get out your handkerchiefs here.
everyone's filled something up with water before, so i get kids answering the question, how long will it take?
they're disappearing in the heart of their range in africa because the big multinational logging companies have come in and made roads -- as they want to do in ecuador and other parts where the forests remain untouched -- to take out oil or timber.
so we can now, in a matter of hours, determine a whole human genome.
hes a computer scientist, reginald adams a psychologist, and there i am, and were putting this together into a book.
but the money is there to reach others.
so what we have learned from social scientists and economists like elinor ostrom, who are studying the phenomenon of management of the commons on a local scale, is that there are certain prerequisites that you can put into place that enable you to manage and access open space for the good of one and all.
psychotic hallucinations, whether they are visual or vocal, they address you. they accuse you.
my poem is called dirt.
and the great gold vessels of the temple in jerusalem had been taken to babylon.
now obviously the driver cannot see, so the system needs to perceive the environment and gather information for the driver.
thank you, and god bless.
and think of things in your life that are binary, one of them is light switches.
it turns out that our other species has figured out a long time ago how to create many of the things that we need using biological processes that nature knows how to use well.
so, a funny thing happened on my way to becoming a brilliant, world-class neuropsychologist i had a baby.
sharks were still killed up into the mid-80s, especially after places like dunmore east in county waterford.
but i was curious to know, what else would they do if they could do this much?
mk 32 gram. sorry, one gram.
so kaluza said, well, maybe there are more dimensions of space.
so there is the landing target. could they steer towards it with these capabilities? here it is in the wind tunnel.
and i said, i have no training as a doctor. i never claimed that.
if you take a closer look at a root system, you will find there are many, many, many diverse microbial colonies.
they're now called kickstart.
because if there had been, they would have collapsed under the gravitational pull into a huge black hole.
i succeeded in my place.
and i want to give you one example of one of these irrationalities, and i want to talk to you about cheating.
marge simpson homer, please.
a congolese woman, who was telling me about how her children saw their father killed in front of them and saw her raped in front of them and mutilated in front of them, and her children saw their nine-year-old sibling killed in front of them, how they're doing okay right now.
well you can't get much bigger than pi, the mathematical constant.
and we all do it no matter how powerful you are.
this is project called ray.
matty shared with me an emotional email he received from the mother in that picture.
ca and releasing this caused what was the key element of this that actually caused the outrage, do you think?
so window farms have been evolving through a rapid versioning process similar to software.
and also it showed us the power and the impact of social media as microblog.
i think you can make fun of the have but not the have-nots, which is why you don't see me making fun of kenneth lay and his charming wife.
it's pretty incredible -- the video's online.
you can say weather, and the name of the city you're going to travel to.
celebrity sandwiches was their thing.
we do all of this to understand the chemistry of one molecule.
or is it more like a frog?
now, one of the things i'd like to explain about 50x15, which i think is really critical, is that it is not a charity.
the khmer rouge didn't believe in money.
and i said, john, where's your son? and how is he?
it's just pure mechanics, allowing you to cycle air through this breathing loop.
a few kilometers, maybe, is quite typical.
extend your left arm, ok.
so, by a show of hands -- we'll start with the easiest one -- show of hands how many people think it's the gray one?
and the consensus was it really worked.
jogging, which is commonplace, and widely accepted as good for you, is solemn.
poetry does that.
so if my voice can touch you, if my actions can touch you, if my being here can touch you, please let it be.
and the neurons communicate with each other by sending little pulses or spikes of electricity via connections to each other.
a little bit further on in the article it said a loss that would normally take the ice shelf 50-100 years to replace.
what we discovered was the world's fastest air-righting response.
in 1990, i was in cambridge, u.k.
we're sacrificing a lot of that, and i think in doing so, moving towards those things, we're losing something valuable.
it may be that in other halls, they're simply not going to experience that at all and so therefore, my level of soft, gentle playing may have to be ...
there's going to be a 0.1 percent chance you get an absolutely awesome item.
so now we have this blue gene supercomputer.
there's this group online that i frequent.
and it's no surprise that people died, because you don't know how much of this gas each person is going to inhale, what position they're going to fall in when they become unconscious and so on.
and i'm not going to give you the patois translation; i'm going to make it standard english.
can you confirm, chris?
so premise one is we'd be destroying the world, and then premise two is, why don't we get prepared for it?
and i have to explain to you, the top of this graph shows you that frequency distribution that i talked about.
that is 20 percent of the global hiv-positive pregnant women -- 20 percent of the world.
there's a few good books, one about school spending and where the money comes from -- how that's changed over time, and the challenge.
and he had a name for it.
actually, no, i'm not.
so let's try to find them.
look at some of the major latitudinal transgressions people from high uv areas going to low uv and vice versa.
we know about the circuses, the arenas, the theaters.
it is convenient to carry, assemble, and launch by hand.
that's why nations rise and fall.
it means that organizations mostly can't do what george and alice so triumphantly did.
and it has the ituri forest itself -- about 1,300 species of plants, so far known.
we had the first world war, the great depression, the second world war and the rise of the communist nations.
now brunel may have asked a question like this, how do i take a train from london to new york?
i used to believe america was the best.
i didn't know what the rules were, i'm a natural born scientist, i guess, or some kind of a throwback to the 17th century, whatever.
and most of all, he would teach it.
a time for even grimmer stuff than that, like in last april's new yorker magazine.
unfortunately, the little artists within us are choked to death before we get to fight against the oppressors of art.
he can't feel even that he's hungry or tired.
it's kind of a forward osmosis.
she will create another 100, 200 more jobs.
but there are also hallucinations as well, and hallucinations are completely different.
so one fundamental problem that the robots have to solve if they're to be autonomous is essentially figuring out how to get from point a to point b.
the cash started accumulating, and pretty soon the parents said, you know, we've got enough money. let's send beatrice to school.
christmas is coming, we might as well buy a lot of gifts for everyone we know.
you get 17.
you know, could we get them running?
hans rosling reframes 10 years of un data with his spectacular visuals, lighting up an astonishing -- mostly unreported -- piece of front-page-worthy good news we're winning the war against child mortality. along the way, he debunks one flawed approach to stats that blots out such vital stories.
now to start with, i should say that we are eating way too much meat in the western world.
but finally, there's a hotel there.
to understand even something as important to us as happiness, you kind of have to branch off in all these different directions, and there's nowhere that i've discovered -- other than ted -- where you can ask that many questions in that many different directions.
and it's the only college where we don't give a certificate.
i wrote this poem after hearing a pretty well known actress tell a very well known interviewer on television, i'm really getting into the internet lately.
i had nothing to do with it.
global issues,math,politics,prediction,technology,war
now, i used to work the weekends at the hole in the wall off-season programming to make some extra money as i was trying to get my feet off the ground, and this kid who was just this really hyper kid, i started calling him monkey boy, and i went home and wrote a book called good night, monkey boy.
607
it's a standard template by which we're going to hang the rest of this data.
that's kind of an invitation to pick up this name of those numbers coming out there and to just drop it into the script here, and now i can steer the car with the steering wheel.
there's no explicit communication.
you can see the eye socket and you can see the little teeth in the front.
even when it's so hard.
fg yeah, the computer building.
the highest percentage ever in our nation's history.
it's owned by extended families.
it's a secret passage. it's like something from tolkien.
ideas ted-ster bill gates says, i had an idea founding the first micro-computer software company.
rachel carson was thinking of these, and came out with silent spring, way back.
and those three together, i think, give you leverage in the world.
so it's a little bit like star wars, you know, but it's real.
so the goal here is to try and push, and see how far we can get towards the green curve.
and this is the outrageous and beautiful flower of the mangrove palm.
the only rule is don't think too hard.
i love that i do not take things lightly.
1187
that's the way we get some of the magic into it, boys and girls.
they're actually spending more on their car and fuel than they are on taxes or on health care.
so here you see the contrast when i treat the cards.
so he's really responsible for a lot of what we consider modern in dictionaries today.
and with these cheetos, i began to think, what can i make with these cheetos?
we then put it in this oven-like device.
i am almost extinct -- i'm a paleontologist who collects fossils.
ray it was crease limestone, and that was produced by sea creatures 350 million years ago in a nice, warm, sunny atmosphere.
you've got lady gaga.
designer ross lovegrove expounds his philosophy of fat-free design and offers insight into several of his extraordinary products, including the ty nant water bottle and the go chair.
in the developing world, the data is much sketchier but the death toll is almost certainly higher.
they'll be wrong, but that actually won't matter too much.
we thought maybe it was deteriorating very fast.
you've got to put some water on the fire. you see the water?
i play with funny people like claes oldenburg.
well, commercial hunting happened.
667
so of course, i understood.
510
the thermal tiles fall off.
let's go back to high school physics here.
and the bigger the telescope, the bigger that universe becomes.
being a rebel is about recognizing that experts' assumptions and their methodologies can easily be flawed.
so, every time you see a number, you see a corresponding color, and that's why you get synesthesia.
and those moms bought and prepared food.
the concept that they're working towards -- and they have working prototypes -- is that we placed it throughout the motor points of the body where they're needed.
it's not like the teddy bear.
you know what it means. a circle, for example, is symmetric under rotations about the center of the circle.
so we need some help there.
unfortunately, there's almost no good data on hiv prevalence in the general population in africa until about 2003.
and then you descend to light and to the north and to life.
no human lands on all fours like that.
in the 19th century, it was slavery.
at seven years old i figured it out. i got three and a half cents for a thousand coat hangers.
there are people who think that we should pour more money, more aid into this bowl which leaks.
now, how do we analyze samples like this one that contain more plastic than plankton?
because i saw her a few weeks before that -- you could get paid. they used to pay you two cents per coat hanger.
indeed, mickey mouse himself, of course, as steamboat willie, is a remix of the then, very dominant, very popular steamboat bill by buster keaton.
and i began to think about how i could communicate this in book form.
he renovated my carriage house when he was completely paralyzed, and unable to speak, and unable to breathe, and he won an award for a historic restoration.
so i think in terms of the fact that math has been liberated from calculating.
what's extraordinary about this is not just the sheer number of species we're finding -- although as you can see that's pretty amazing, this is only half of what we've found -- what's extraordinary is how quickly we find them.
and we're going to call those people past-oriented, because they focus on what was.
we were looking for something and found something else.
within that sphere, most of those nodes are not actionable, like the harshness of the terrain, and a very small minority are actual military actions.
that's an adult orinoco crocodile in its jaws.
that name should tell you that the kenyan education system borrows almost everything from britain, circa 1950, but has managed to make it even worse.
so, naturally, they chased him out of town.
so, that's where we were at the end of about 15 months.
you know, this little office of the conductor.
we didn't even have a telephone.
not you. not i.
we have to first know what a foot is.
the business model in which the money that is actually coming in, to drive the car -- the minutes, the miles if you want, that you are all familiar with -- subsidize the price of the car, just like cellphones. you'll pay for the miles.
this is the transformation that took place.
well, they signed me up immediately.
why do you have kids come to school if they no longer have to come there to get the information?
this not only lets you view twitters in different ways, but it introduces new use cases as well.
one exception is in massachusetts.
it took place, once, in 326 b.c.
and what we're learning is how powerful and dynamic these changes can be, that you don't have to wait very long to see the benefits.
the vertical elements are assigned a specific hour of the day.
he was an actor. you saw him act.
but after the interview, i got a call, very gruff voice, from a woman.
great. cool. so i was really interested in quantity.
what's the potential impact on a patient's ability to see?
for example, this opel two-seater does 155 miles an hour at 94 miles a gallon.
and most of africa's farmers are, by and large, small farmers in terms of land that they operate, and very, very small farmers in terms of the capital they have at their disposal.
and from them in the time sequence we're going to have to go from these tiny variations to these irregular galaxies and first stars to these more advanced galaxies, and eventually the solar system, and so forth.
song is one of our oldest ways of making ourselves heard and understood.
and i said, oh.
we don't know just how thick it is, probably miles thick, so it's very expensive and very difficult to go down there -- send down your submarine or whatever it is -- and explore.
and if you'd like your own symmetrical object, i have a project raising money for a charity in guatemala, where i will stay up all night and devise an object for you, for a donation to this charity to help kids get into education in guatemala.
so you can bump things -- they're all physically, you know, manipulable and stuff.
rick kay is a very famous wikipedian who does an enormous amount of work with vandalism, hoaxes and votes for deletion.
well they do know, that if you look at other aquatic mammals, the fat that in most land mammals is deposited inside the body wall, around the kidneys and the intestines and so on, has started to migrate to the outside, and spread out in a layer inside the skin.
et voila.
they were a highly intelligent species.
don't embarrass yourself.
so, this little thingamajig has a genome that's 200 times the size of yours.
endangered whales are killed every year by ship collision, and it's very important to try to reduce this.
but it's important to note that all of this retrofitting is not occurring -- just bulldozers are coming and just plowing down the whole city.
if numbers can express the laws of this incredible universe that we live, i reason, through some sort of reverse engineering, we could extrapolate from them some basic structural element of this universe.
it's one of these bell-tower buildings.
i said to her, you should do an experiment.
but it's the greatest transfer of wealth, from one group to another in the history of mankind.
we have selection.
the first one is very simple experience bars measuring progress -- something that's been talked about brilliantly by people like jesse schell earlier this year.
first of all, most of them were born in the 80s and 90s, under the one-child policy.
so it spawns itself.
now it's tempting to want to get the ushahidis without the lolcats, right, to get the serious stuff without the throwaway stuff.
but you're boxed in, if you can only do it up and down that way.
i don't understand why the media is focused on eastern pennsylvania.
well, of course, i went to the theater to see the play.
now can it be right to reject a student on linguistic ability alone?
and this has unleashed tremendous energy.
and then worked for the jerry brown administration.
and this victory is so possible.
why would i do that?
it learns very much from its mistakes.
and i hate to be so ironic and sarcastic about it but it's the truth. it's just one of the filthiest cesspools you can imagine.
this little thingamajig we didn't know this thingamajig existed.
so if we can get the lights ...
we had tables, chairs, computers, everything.
this is a fundamental question that most of us are asking.
i'm saying, i got to clear out of here
take a look at these guys, they're growing in power, and by the way, this was done a while ago before the current economic crisis, and that's probably going to get steeper.
millions of people living here, stretched over many kilometers.
and we released to youtube this, the virtual choir project, 185 singers from 12 different countries.
what we see is that the cells will attempt to divide for several hours.
up to and around about the second world war, conductors were invariably dictators -- these tyrannical figures who would rehearse, not just the orchestra as a whole, but individuals within it, within an inch of their lives.
looks simple, but we've reiterated this dozens of times by going into the field to talk to doctors, moms and clinicians to ensure that this really meets the needs of the local communities.
so not only would he get me one, but i had to get two, and then he wanted me to hire someone to deliver half the papers, which i did, and then i realized that collecting tips was where you made all the money.
and it is a body that has long intrigued people who've watched the planets.
and they indeed also release oxytocin.
the inhumanity which this trail has been witness to, the heartbreak and suffering which so many have undergone, cannot be imagined. they certainly cannot be described.
found one of his dirigibles that had enough dimensions so i could actually use it as a scale that i would then juxtapose with some of the things in rome.
you want to do it? yeah? ok.
performer and web toymaker ze frank delivers a hilarious nerdcore standup routine, then tells us what he's seriously passionate about helping people create and interact using simple, addictive web tools.
so what it's doing is, it's replacing the retinal circuitry, really the guts of the retinal circuitry, with a set of equations, a set of equations that we can implement on a chip. so it's just math.
and, according to jesus, the word comes forth, you must love yourself, you must love the lord your god with all your heart, mind and soul, and your neighbor as yourself.
you decode what you want to fold up into, into a sequence of angles -- so negative 120, negative 120, 0, 0, 120, negative 120 -- something like that; so a sequence of angles, or turns, and you send that sequence through the string.
if you have a matching grant, it's typically two or three to one.
so our approach is something we call targeted reinnervation.
ask yourself, is this company behaving in a socially responsible way?
both people won supporters, but on my count, the mood of the ted community shifted from about 75 to 25 to about 65 to 35 in favor, in favor.
i mean, in retrospect, probably stupid questions, but things like, what's this caps lock key for?
so you move around the content on a display, but you can also feel where it is just from the weight of the device.
i have another piece that i'd like to play for you.
so from this experience of my recovery, i want to share four particular aspects -- i call them the four c's of consciousness -- that helped me grow my potential mind back towards the actual mind that i work with every day.
i travel beyond the surface and show something for what it's worth, for what it's really made of, how it really works.
httpwww.ted.comtalksstevenpinkerchalksituptotheblankslate.html
but, like all puppets, it has other attributes.
congestion pricing is being discussed in every major city around the world and is, again, wirelessly enabled.
it's actually about using dynamics, using forces, to influence the behavior of where you are, what you do there, how you do it.
and juxtaposed against this grid, you see actually, by rolling over each individual one, the humanity behind this hugely mechanical process.
we can't let this napster thing happen here.
many of the people involved have special interests or short-term interests that get them not thinking about what the implications of the trends are.
words too, for me, have colors and emotions and textures.
so my breakfast, my lunch, i donate it to a charity that i founded because we want to build a school in sudan.
this is a bunch of software companies -- and what it is is their revenue versus their age -- all zooming away, and everybody making millions and billions of dollars.
so from sixth through 12th grade, once, twice, sometimes three times a week, i would take classes at the art museum, and i was surrounded by other kids who loved to draw, other kids who shared a similar passion.
we were very reactive, as opposed to being proactive about what happened.
governments in post-conflict situation often respond by puffing up the civil service.
okay? almost like the highest in the nation.
so i'm currently working on a book, which plays with both senses of the word, as i explore some of my own ideas and inquiries in a visual display of rather peacock-like grandeur.
and i was thinking about quarks and gluons and heavy ion collisions, and i was only 14 years old.
and you have no idea how hard it is to talk to somebody or take care of somebody you can't talk to.
and they did. stories of change poured in from all over india, from nagaland in the east, to jhunjhunu in the west, from sikkim in the north, to krishnagiri in the south.
what happened was the bactericide was formulated with minute traces of tin.
somehow in tickling our eardrum that transmits energy down our hearing bones, which get converted to a fluid impulse inside the cochlea and then somehow converted into an electrical signal in our auditory nerves that somehow wind up in our brains as a perception of a song or a beautiful piece of music.
in order to do this, we need to introduce new forces with new charge directions.
it's a cold war, really.
and this moves us very quickly toward a world in which the internet is showing us what it thinks we want to see, but not necessarily what we need to see.
we need to act like we only have one planet.
and here i've been working for the last three years with a south bronx developer to bring art to life to low-income buildings and affordable housing.
so despite all sorts of experts like me flying around the planet and burning jet fuel, and politicians signing treaties -- in fact, you could argue the net effect of all this has been negative, because it's just consumed a lot of jet fuel.
1360
but there will always be another war.
michael's a young guy.
and you see where it ended in these various spring days, june, may, then october.
so sony is generating revenue from both of these.
and i'll do it again, just for safety's sake.
stefan sagmeister shares happy design
it also runs on the iphone.
ford, he called softly. for that was her name.
after 25 years of working on issues of poverty and innovation, it's true that there are probably no more market-oriented individuals on the planet than low-income people.
there are three reasons why this is the case.
but here, with a little bit of effort i get a lot of return.
but it'll anticipate what we're doing, in a good sense.
it weighs 1,250 kilograms and the only exercise i get is opening and closing it.
and you too, with these same values, can control your own destiny.
and it's a real shame. now why has this come about?
but this illustrates the fact that dimensions can be of two sorts big and small. and the idea that maybe the big dimensions around us are the ones that we can easily see, but there might be additional dimensions curled up, sort of like the circular part of that cable, so small that they have so far remained invisible.
what happens in one place very quickly affects everything else.
in fact, i put my world trade center crossing at the same artistic level as some of my smaller walks -- or some completely different type of performance.
ss well, on your way to the olympics, a couple of memorable events happened at georgetown.
so children both know more and learn more than we ever would have thought.
all of this happens in seconds.
this is a material you all know is styrofoam, but i like to think of it as toxic white stuff.
we're all embedded in vast social networks of friends, family, co-workers and more. nicholas christakis tracks how a wide variety of traits -- from happiness to obesity -- can spread from person to person, showing how your location in the network might impact your life in ways you don't even know.
but what lingered from then till now -- i am 40 today -- is this huge outrageous anger.
and, of course, sometimes there was a bonus for going.
i was not the only person editing the open street map.
at first i was against it.
it's your major artery, and it was severed, so my blood was gurgling out of my mouth.
now, it works just like a regular phone.
i mean we had all the materialistic things, but that didn't make my children pain any less; that didn't make their fears subside.
is a bad feeder lot operation for beef better or worse than a bad grazing operation for beef?
they reduce speeds by about five to 10 percent.
capital, mal, where i live.
join me. use -- i've got a lot of energy. help me use it.
and here we have the countries in collapse and war, like afghanistan, somalia, parts of congo, darfur.
the last 20 years has been the age of intervention, and afghanistan is simply one act in a five-act tragedy.
and, i get a lot of flak for this at cambridge.
i have three girls and they just, they -- it's like a rescue animal thing they're going there.
but i think there's a case to be made that we should spend at least as much time, if not more, valuing the premise of connecting ideas and not just protecting them.
and it allows us to organize the entire dewey decimal system on one continuous run no matter how it grows or contracts within the building, it will always have its clarity to end the sort of trail of tears that we've all experienced in public libraries.
but it takes a lot of time, and it takes a lot of straw because they're really tight.
so he built me the first barefoot training center in sierra leone.
so, when i get those calls about performance, that's one thing.
or this lionfish for instance.
this is a computer program which has three knobs.
so the inclusion agenda means genuinely bringing people inside the tent.
and then tacked on at the end of it are about 15 years for retirement.
but, for the first time, we can actually address this, with brain simulation, and ask very systematic and rigorous questions, whether this theory could possibly be true.
because of the rush of human knowledge, because of the digital revolution, i have a voice, and i do not need to scream.
so the question is will we respond to this or not?
the stories we tell about each other matter very much.
so i don't have time to play the entire thing for you, but i want to show you two short clips.
that's what we get from technology all the time. that's why people leave villages and go into cities, is because they are always gravitating towards increased choices and possibilities.
markus fischer yeah, sure.
and so, i have here what we call the paradigms.
there were 15, maybe 20, people like him waiting.
and there's many of them, all over its entire body.
computers will combine the subtle pan-recognition powers of human intelligence with ways in which machines are already superior, in terms of doing analytic thinking, remembering billions of facts accurately.