this is the place that captain cook discovered in  and he described a huge abundance of sharks biting the rudders and the oars of their small boats while they were going ashore.
now, headline writers had a field day with our studies.
and this is a subject that i would love to think about together.
so it was taken for granted that i attend some of the best universities, which in turn opened the door to a world of opportunity.
how do you test this
and so, the real question to pose is not, can we be optimistic
presumably, this is just for christian music.
sometimes its garbage, but the press is snowed.
and on some of those planets, the oxygen, which had been created in that first generation of stars, could fuse with hydrogen to form water, liquid water on the surface.
and then, as he was a staunch anticolonialist, he made false papers for algerians during the algerian war.
so shes the perfect test case.
and today, the hurdygurdy is used in all sorts of music  traditional folk music, dance, contemporary and world music  in the u.k., in france, in spain and in italy.
but god  my god  doesnt show up on sprinkler images.
of course, we cant forget africa.
you know, like that.
its very hard to learn, to feel a lesson.
and if that doesnt seem fanciful enough, where do you think were going to go
now whats interesting is, if you listen to all the places that people talk about doing work  like at home, or in a car, or on a plane, or late at night, or early in the morning  you dont find managers and meetings.
thank you. bless you, bless you.
trying to fly and keep up with that animal  it wasnt the lack of maneuverability that we had.
i got myself to the side of the lake.
he said, you are. i am. well obviously i am.
i believe we can build architectures online to make such human requests that much easier to do, to make it possible for all of us to see that the data we encounter online is just stuff on which to click and paste and copy and forward that actually represents human emotion and endeavor and impact, and to be able to have an ethical moment where we decide how we want to treat it.
so, let me close  let me close with my two aphorisms.
but there was one little boy, very small for his age.
we all saw those images after katrina, and i think for millions of people they had a very strong impact.
what we found out were that those faint wisps are actually fountains of ice rising up from the surface of this tiny moon.
and finally, its a rich lavender, and after a couple of thousand feet, its ink black.
we could probably hear it, if we tune in.
as a highschooler, i started to read authors like thoreau and aldo leopold and edward abbey, and i really began to develop a deeper appreciation of the natural world.
it was called the upsuck theory.
yeah.
where does medical ability end and start
but in the longterm, both feeling and reality are important.
and in fact, it happens throughout the network as you move in, everyone you pick, when they nominate a random  when a random person nominates a friend of theirs, you move closer to the center of the network.
so, carbon dioxide  the stuff we want to get rid of  not sugar, not anything.
theres a problem with the google zeitgeist, which is it often comes back with news that a lot of people are searching for britney spears pictures, which is not necessarily news.
and so perhaps once they cleaned up the pigeon droppings, get the disk kind of operational again, normal operations would resume.
theres, of course, a lot of very simple sentences on the web.
so you are not talking about low cost, you are talking about ultralow cost.
and one last slide i just want to show. this is the choice you can either have wind or nuclear.
httpwww.ted.comtalkschrisbanglesaysgreatcarsareart.html
they go out and point a telescope at the sky, take a picture, identify what are stars and throw them away, look at the galaxies, estimate how far away they are, and plot them up.
and then something very dramatic happened.
temple grandin, diagnosed with autism as a child, talks about how her mind works  sharing her ability to think in pictures, which helps her solve problems that neurotypical brains might miss. she makes the case that the world needs people on the autism spectrum visual thinkers, pattern thinkers, verbal thinkers, and all kinds of smart geeky kids.
one of my favorite glaciers, the slheimajkull.
theres the whole action there, sitting, kind of, on the side, and the dummy head and our recording engineers standing around while we rebuild the piano.
in the th century, it was slavery.
true story, by the way.
well, you are to ride a bicycle, carrying your own weight and also some other weight, so that you can earn the bread for the day.
and i even loved seeing behind her i could see the little teddy bear sitting on the piano behind her in her room.
httpwww.ted.comtalkseowilsonadvicetoyoungscientists.html
and thats what were going through at this time.
to make things worse, you can just see the white dot up at the top right hand side of the screen thats a full moon.
so, in other words, it claimed it could deliver a message before you sent it.
we need to be doing that.
the unfolding of intelligence and complexity still has immensely far to go, here on earth and probably far beyond.
and again, closely related to inequality.
an economist would never do that.
and putting yourself in the position of the person, and i think thats one of the threads that ive heard again from this conference is how do we put ourselves in other peoples shoes and really feel what they feel
close encounter two brookline, massachusetts, .
you can count the number of restaurants in the county on one hand  bunns barbecue being my absolute favorite.
its a big skull.
and until , years ago, at least three uprightwalking apes shared the planet earth.
there was an fao conference last october that was completely devoted to this.
so, if you think of roman comparative advantage part of it was the breast shields, the breastplates, but part of it was drinking the right water.
of course, it must be american cola.
and the other thing you might argue is, well, car seats have got a lot better over time.
when i call to leave you a message, i get  seconds of instructions from a thirdgrade teacher on ambien
instead of starting with technology, the team started with people and culture.
so when they were sitting in front of the microscope, when they were talking to their colleague at the water cooler, and all these things.
guys, and woman, youve given enough.
and in studies weve just been doing in my lab, similar studies, weve show that four yearolds are actually better at finding out an unlikely hypothesis than adults are when we give them exactly the same task.
when two people are trying to make a deal  whether theyre competing or cooperating  whats really going on inside their brains behavioral economist colin camerer shows research that reveals just how little were able to predict what others are thinking. and he presents an unexpected study that shows chimpanzees might just be better at it than we are. emem
and thats why what im excited about, and what i think is underreported, is the significance of the rise of online video.
the first idea id like to suggest is that we all love music a great deal. it means a lot to us.
no excuse, sir. attaboy, youre learning fast.
rapid movement, contrast.
they have very few genes, and genetic information to encode all of the traits that they carry out.
now bluefin, in general, goes to one place japan.
now both look  and this is the blue arrows  both look to the same food, which is in the lumen and in the area of your intestine.
so what i decided to do is to pluck fine hair out of my face.

again, in the s, warner brothers, rko did that for you.
and i just look at this, and i think, yes, we could take that so much further by allowing people to set targets by setting calibrated targets, by using elements of uncertainty, by using these multiple targets, by using a grand, underlying reward and incentive system, by setting people up to collaborate in terms of groups, in terms of streets to collaborate and compete, to use these very sophisticated group and motivational mechanics we see.
how can we explain this universality
they dont have existing infrastructure they have enormous numbers of people who are struggling with poverty, and enormous numbers of people are trying to figure out how to do things in new ways.
what looks like moss covering rocks is actually a shrub comprised of thousands of branches, each containing clusters of tiny green leaves at the end and so densely packed together that you could actually stand on top of it.
thats simple, the goddess of goats, very simple.
thats whats in fields around the world every single year.
the way that more of you are likely to die than the combination of all three of the others that you see on the slide.
and they land on the flower. they stick their tongue in there, called a proboscis, and they drink sugar water.
learning between grown ups and kids should be reciprocal.
would the discovery of an older cultural civilization out there inspire us to find ways to survive our increasingly uncertain technological adolescence
the solution to the problem in the middle east, according to him, is to convert you all to christianity  just get rid of your religion.
the incremental advances have added up to something which is not incremental anymore.
its now an empty, sixacre lot waiting for a shopping mall right across from the new ikea.
you think about whatever your life has been, however many obstacles you have faced in your life, at critical junctures you always knew there was a predictable connection between the effort you exerted and the result you achieved.
it says that, if your friends are obese, your risk of obesity is  percent higher.
google, of course, very famously gives  percent for their software engineers to pursue their own personal projects.
and that was that the gravitational field, due to mass, will deflect not only the trajectory of particles, but will deflect light itself.
could we have people singing together in real time
that is, they are just trying to do what they think is in their own best interest.
tigers havent fared any better  down to maybe ,.
these skills are the skills we should be teaching in the classroom as well as everything else.
and he knew from our work that if you go and do something very novel with somebody, you can drive up the dopamine in the brain, and perhaps trigger this brain system for romantic love.
think about how much information there is there on the local fire hydrant.
if you havent lost a limb  youve had a stroke, for example  you can wear these augmented limbs.
right now, im just coming down on this gorgeous, big, giant manta ray.
actually, we can regenerate.
and it brings you into the presence of whats been called god, nirvana, rama, tao.
its a really big problem.
ive always wanted to be a cyborg.
the belief in true democracy and in the people runs deep, proving that the african is capable of governing himself.
and perhaps the clearest example of this is stoning adulterers.
a different way of life, a different being.
and i just, i can just remember the love that she offered us as her students.
outside.ins steven johnson says the web is like a city built by many people, completely controlled by no one, intricately interconnected and yet functioning as many independent parts. while disaster strikes in one place, elsewhere, life goes on.
it was once a beach. and this painting has john james audubon, the painter, sitting on the rock.
we cant imagine it.
so, its been an honor. thank you murray gellmann.
i think this is what david deutsch meant in , when he ended his oxford tedtalk by saying he had two principles hed like to share for living, and he would like to carve them on stone tablets.
also, we had to make a report on our extended visited members, that is, extended members of the family, sick and elderly, shut in.
but after , years out in the weather, they look like this.
and that means an increase incentive to do research and development, which benefits everyone in the world.
being a visual artist, indeed, i am foremost interested to make art  to make art that transcends politics, religion, the question of feminism, and become an important, timeless, universal work of art.
when we think of what is necessary for the phenomenon that we call life, we think of compartmentalization, keeping the molecules which are important for life in a membrane, isolated from the rest of the environment, but yet, in an environment in which they actually could originate together.
so you end up, number three, not swimming, in the case of freestyle, on your stomach, as many people think, reaching on top of the water.
it was the first deextinction in history.
it simply depends on us.
but isotopes, particles of electricity, antimatter, neutrinos, the conversion of mass to energy  thats emc  gamma rays, that ancient dream that had always eluded the alchemists was achieved through these same theories that explained starlight and other ancient mysteries, and new, unexpected phenomena.
its a movement that  it advocates making biotechnology accessible to everyone, not just scientists and people in government labs.
and the dragonflies you can see today outside here, on the campus, are the young of this generation.
and even though that turned out to be nothing, nothing at all   merely a downed weather balloon piloted by small hairless men with slits for mouths ...
well, lets first take a look at what normal science looks like.
and also, as a child, i was the fattest kid in class, so i used to love cheetos. oh, i love cheetos, yummy.
and they look like this. theyre basically very simple arrangements.
happy to see so many fine folks out here and so many smiling faces.
narrator stirred by the prospects of mass communication and making big bucks on advertising, david sarnoff commercializes radio.
thats the beauty of this economy.
its two weeks into the genocide at that time, but of course, at that time you dont know how long its going to last.
we see, i just feel like im not going to have fun if its not the both of us. that was from someone in michigan.
so thats what t is doing.
so let me just start with my story.
and in fact, thats actually sustaining a longstanding trend that predates human beings, ok, that biological evolution was doing for us.
well hear better music if the best flutes should go to the best flute players.
we  as a result, we decided to liberalize many of our markets.
so the inside of this thing actually looks like a coke machine.
see, people who build worldchanging tribes do that.
know the facts, but see how they fit in the big picture.
heres how the dots connected.
dendritic cells, or macrophages, capture the virus and display pieces of it.
it will last for a long, long time.
and everybody ran up to me.
arts,brain,cognitive science,culture,design,illusion,psychology
and that was torture, real torture.
but for tv they wanted me to be upright so they could see my face, basically.
lets call them technomemes or temes.
its too late to be pessimistic  really too late.
mike rowe celebrates dirty jobs
well actually, ive been whistling since the age of four, about four.
the issue isnt the accuracy of the bombs you have, its how you use the bombs you have, and more importantly, whether you ought to use bombs at all.
then again we turn to chemistry, and we figured out what this generic molecule is  that was the pink ovals on my last slide, this is it.
tell me whats wrong. i cant understand you.
what do we learn from that
and she was driving along in her car the other day, and suddenly she heard a song on the car radio that reminded her of this man.
so even in situations where outcomes are less than optimal, local leaders and international leaders have a choice, and they can make a difference for the better.
and thats pretty much why i do it.
and every being looks beautiful when they are internally feeling a happiness.
i then walked him up the hill to the local cafe, and we shared a pizza for two, then walked down the hill to our home, and i gave him his bath and put him in his batman pajamas.
this is what you can do with some household tinfoil.
okay, so you smile, frowning.
compassion can be synonymous with empathy.
we made space for these guys who are balis last black pigs.
this leads to this question.
a oh no, were just staging, rod were just staging it.
so no wilderness, no revelations.
the programmers said it could assist students in their learning.
you cant look at this and say, okay now i see reality as it is.
and then when rockefeller center said, nbc, could you put this thing up on the walls we were delighted.
im very interested in wonder, in design as an impetus to inquiring.
i want, really, to think about the fact that saving four times more is a huge difference in terms of the lifestyle that people will be able to afford.
and i liked making that book because i loved using my imagination, and thats what writing is.
he was going to be dead by the age of .
now, one of the things that i refer to when i  about the importance of this message  is that i gave a lecture at the medical school at kuwait university, where i lecture on the biological basis of behavior, and i gave the students two articles, one from the new york times and one from new york magazine.
beverly sits on the one side where all her camera gear is, and im on the other side where my space is.
and i thought, maybe i can be a reporter and doctor gynecologist.
you dont stabilize the individual you stabilize the template, the thing that carries information, and you allow the template to copy itself.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjonathandroriwhywerestoringbillionsofseeds.html
thats the piston that was fired out of the floor.
he looked a little sad, because he said, well, a hundred years ago, they went and took everything away from the haves.
and cockroaches, as anyone whos tried to get rid of them knows, have become really immune to the poisons that were using.
we are all responsible.
i was faced with treating a lot of critically ill patients at , feet, which was an impossibility.
in a huge amount of debt personally to this expedition, and lying on my mums sofa, day in day out, watching daytime tv.
the reason im doing that is because those are going to be the areas that are the most significant to us.
we are here on top.
they shoot everything, every single thing that moves thats bigger than a small rat they sundry it or smoke it.
and im doing this because also its a normal thing in my home, people eat one meal a day.
and we said, everyone needs to be involved.
joachim de posada says, dont eat the marshmallow yet
do you really think so
so the thought is, hey, maybe what we should do is just immediately  we hear there is hn spreading from human to human, the virus has mutated to be a humantohuman transmitter  lets shut down the airports.
because im using remote control over here.
youve captured it for a moment, and finding this little still lifes like listening to little songs or something it gives me an enormous amount of pleasure.
and it is time for all of us thank you very much.
we are facing an unprecedented number, scale of disasters.
sw yeah.
and this doesnt include fusions or name changes or changes in flags.
and in , he described to his grandson various things he was seeing.
so you can recognize this kind of movement, the same movement that worms, snakes and every animal that are moving on the ground without legs is able to display.
we dont want men beating their wives because they dont have a job, and so on.
and incredible car.
this experiment revealed the first, and perhaps most fundamental, nugget of the neural code that information is written in the form of electrical impulses.
you see, only that way you can be able to understand him.
now imagine archeologists digging through the rubble of one of our cities.
he said the sick country means syria, iran, china and north korea.
you see, comparing the map to , you see an overlap here.
much more likely, they will be two to four times richer than we are.
and i had to overcome my fear of deep water to find this one.
none of us can predict the future, but we do know one thing about it and thats that it aint gonna go according to plan.
you see a scanner technology that first scans the wound on the patient and then it comes back with the printheads actually printing the layers that you require on the patients themselves.
andrew birds oneman orchestra of the imagination
what youre seeing here right now is a superposition of an electron in the lower three orbitals of a hydrogen atom.
funny, that.
these are two shots of a red tide coming on shore here and a bacteria in the genus vibrio, which includes the genus that has cholera in it.
modeling, they tried modeling all the time. they were always modeling things.
we have three different strains of agarikon mushrooms highly active against flu viruses.
and then there was always a silence.
and these were all grown from seeds. were learning everything.
as parents, youre always learning who your children are.
they are beginning to do something that neither would have done without the play signals.
that has not happened at all in space flying.
its just a curve without inflection.
and theyre starting school feeding programs for their children by the people in the village.
and you buy one, and maybe you get a real piece, and maybe not.
we all know which side of these wed like to be on.
and it was a big thing in my little community of point reyes station in inverness, california, because there were only about  people there in the winter  this was back in  now.
and so the speed of the adoption of things is just going to become that much more rapid, in a way that we just totally cannot conceive, when you get it to . billion and the growth in the worlds population.
mr but what youre talking about here is not extending human lifespan by preventing death, so much as extending human youthspan.
and what they do is, they do it through the concept of parallel lines.
and so, we have to drop in satellite dishes. we put in generators.
she came charging out of the thicket straight towards us, sat next to us, shivering, with her back towards dereck, and looking out.
but start telling them, you know, were going to try to do it in nigeria  everyone runs away.
one of the biospherians called it garden of eden on top of an aircraft carrier.
ok, there is my childhood church, thats specific. theres some more, fort collins.
youll be handed rice cakes.
theres going to be unintended consequences.
the example i have here is a chair that came out of the year in bali  clearly influenced by local manufacturing and culture, not being stuck behind a single computer screen all day long and be here and there.
and its time to start admitting you cant ask the same yearold to do it all, day in and day out.
late that night, i heard my mother begging my father, please do something ramu. cant you intervene
i became a collegiate athlete, you know. i became an olympic athlete.
three this is a good road in  right near where our factory is located.
and here you can see its rotating about the vertical axis only, creating circles.
because the tickle sensation on the palm comes and goes, you need large numbers of subjects with these stars making them significant.
that person surrounds himself or herself with advisers.
what could they learn to do

theres a second way though, as well.
but other regarding behaviors are essential to our evolution as social beings.
oddly enough, an artist such as myself finds herself also in the position of being the voice, the speaker of my people, even if i have, indeed, no access to my own country.
i want to know who youre selling this thing to, in terms of customers.
can you build a machine that thinks like a human being, that is conscious
so, for example, rats are incredibly responsive breeders.
now, this was a month when north korea agreed to dismantle its nuclear facilities.
in the year she had the jeep, she saved , girls from being cut.
if we dont supply vitamins to the prisoners, its a war crime.
i can try to tell you what it was like, but youll never know what it was like, and the more i try to explain that i felt lonely, i was the only human being in . million squaremiles, it was cold, nearly minus  with windchill on a bad day, the more words fall short, and im unable to do it justice.
they look like, maybe like sunflowers.
and it enters now another story.
so the organizers asked me to end with a bold speculation.
as i said, i respect other sports, and i compare this sport sometimes to cycling and to mountain climbing and other of the expedition type events, but this is a sensory deprivation, a physical duress.
instead, what he told us was to put aside childish things.
second, we took that lesson and tried to push it into our next project.
whether or not you think its likely to be successful sort of depends on what you think about the chances of life in the universe.
the original name in my book was actually called the long march of general tso, and he has marched very far indeed, because he is sweet, he is fried, and he is chicken  all things that americans love.
and thats the reason that for this experiment weve used the worlds largest telescope.
audience here.
and they told us one important thing you shall not betatest.
im a puzzle guy. my wife is an expert in social media.
he did. he served out his sentence.
i spent about seven years during the vietnam war flighttesting airplanes for the air force.
i actually suggested to  there is a researcher at the university of alabama who does orgasm research.
the b iceberg broke off the ross ice shelf.
we need to start doing things like lula, president of brazil.
so, youve got this situation in , we had an hn virus that jumped from birds into humans in a few isolated cases with an apparent mortality rate of  percent.
and im trying to tell stories only i can tell  like this story.
republicans like republicans. thats not a surprise.
so what i did is i took all of the interviews where i saw worthiness, where i saw people living that way, and just looked at those.
its not a clock in a mountain  its a mountain clock.
so simplicity and predictability are characteristics of simple things.
i can toss these things around. theyre so much more tangible and touchable  and you know i can doubleclick on something to take a look at it.
so, i went to design school, and it was the early s when i finished.
the world bank has turned from saulus to paulus under wolfensohn, they became, i would say, the strongest anticorruption agency in the world.
and, in thinking about that, then my second project, the second question i ask is can a museum be a catalyst in a community
so what happens when a person puts this thing on

and i tried, as a child, as a teenager, to read philosophy and to get involved in art and religion and many other ways that i could see as a possible answer to that question.
what, of course, happens with that is violence, which we see when we talk about the ghettos and we talk about, you know, south central l.a. and this kind of stuff, and which eventually, when channeled, becomes, you know, evolves and manifests itself as riots  like the one in france two years ago, where i live, which shocked everybody, because everyone thought, oh well, france is a liberal society.
when mahatma gandhi was asked, how do you know if the next act that you are about to do is the right one or the wrong one he said, consider the face of the poorest, most vulnerable human being that you ever chanced upon, and ask yourself if the act that you contemplate will be of benefit to that person.
ive felt it in the operating room, at the bedside.
and its really, just sort of  for me, it was just really about the lusciousness of oil.
and so when i think about what technology wants, i think that it has to do with the fact that every person here  and i really believe this  every person here has an assignment. and your assignment is to spend your life discovering what your assignment is.
the world has other universal languages.
jennifer lin yes, five cards. any five cards.
saddled in the performing arts as we are, by antiquated union agreements that inhibit and often prohibit mechanical reproduction and streaming, locked into large facilities that were designed to ossify the ideal relationship between artist and audience most appropriate to the th century and locked into a business model dependent on high ticket revenues, where we charge exorbitant prices.
it was a way of locating myself.
theyre three.
and its also true of other examples, like dna data or brain data.
i predict, also, that the investment that will flow into this will be somewhere around half of what the u.s. taxpayer spends for nasas manned spacecraft work.
and therefore you had a situation where every state had its own market for products.
and my fastest time, which was the world record, was ..
and most of that growth is not in the cities, but in the slums that surround them.
i hope it will inspire other african nations to embrace the technology, look at the nigerian model, make their films, create jobs, create a narrative for the population, something to identify, something positive, something that really is psychological relief and its part of the culture.
jean ritchie  in nottamun town, not a soul would look out,   not a soul would look up, not a soul would look down.  bob dylan  come you masters of war,   you that build the big guns, you that build the death planes,   you that build all the bombs.  kirby ferguson okay, so thats the same basic melody and overall structure. this next one is the patriot game, by dominic behan. alongside that, youre going to hear with god on our side, by dylan.
whats interesting now is the nature of the site has totally changed, so that what youre aware of is not just the destruction of the buildings in ground zero, but all of the buildings around it  and the scars on the building around it, which are enormous.
for the move to be professional, it has to be less than one second and it has to be perfect.
we see highend haggling in fashion today.
i want to suggest that theres three things that help us to make our peace with regret.
im the luckiest guy in the world.
this company, synthetic genomics, im involved with, created the first full synthetic genome for a little bug, a very primitive creature called mycoplasma genitalium.
and most importantly for us here in this room, a bond was created.
and he said, im a fireman.
that we try to find a piece of the status quo  something that bothers us, something that needs to be improved, something that is itching to be changed  and we change it.
i mean, today, one person speaking can be seen by millions, shedding bright light on potent ideas, creating intense desire for learning and to respond  and in his case, intense desire to laugh.
they will only figure it out by getting their hands on it and playing with it.
bacteria always control pathogenicity with quorum sensing.
but theres not a lot of science behind that number.
this is frances.
high pressure builds over india.
so the question is, how can we use technology to push from the left side of the graph, from the blue curve, to the right side with the green curve
httpwww.ted.comtalksericsandersonpicturesnewyorkbeforethecity.html
but i am against using it as a barrier.
but, this is really just the tip of the iceberg.
the mayo brothers came out to visit lister in europe.
and for me its quite romantic, but its about if one person teaches three people how to cook something, and they teach three of their mates, that only has to repeat itself  times, and thats the whole population of america.
insects are not only there in nature, but they also are involved in our economy, usually without us knowing.
and the code is in the form of these patterns of electrical pulses that get sent up to the brain, and so the key thing is that the image ultimately gets converted into a code. and when i say code, i do literally mean code.
but we would have lots of time, if we see it coming.
rory stewart time to end the war in afghanistan
well, on december , a company called quanta agreed to build it, and since they make about onethird of all the laptops on the planet today, that question disappeared.
so its about the size, you know, of the united states.
chris anderson that was remarkable.
let me first show you an experimental paradigm that is used to demonstrate the synthesis of happiness among regular old folks. and this isnt mine.
so, we build the carbon banks on the planet, renew the soils.
weve seen transmission to wild cats and domestic cats, and now also domestic pet dogs.
we can capture that information.
now we actually looked at what the answer would be.
the evidence of that is that studies in rats, again with atrazine, show that the hormone imbalance atrazine generates causes abortion.
and then, if we put them back in the environment, generally theyre quite good at putting a marker down where they thought that flag or their car was.
we didnt have money, so we had a cheap, little ad, but we wanted college students for a study of prison life.
daily life in our country is, to say the least, under extraordinary, exceptional circumstances.
mustard exists, just like tomato sauce, on a horizontal plane.
we pushed them around on the site to make very literal contextual relationships.
ive got that stuff up on youtube if you want to look at it.
the family mission statement was on the wall, and my wife said, so, anything up there seem to apply
and this gives you an idea.
thats at  degrees north.
i lost a child when i was , a second child when i was .
it doesnt make a word any more real than any other way.
she is on the talibans hit list.
this is not a philosophy.
a far more effective way to create forms, i have found, is to use information that is already contained in forms.
they must navigate markets daily, making microdecisions, dozens and dozens, to move their way through society, and yet if a single catastrophic health problem impacts their family, they could be put back into poverty, sometimes for generations.
people really can learn a language with it.
i stand for this soldier who suffered partial hearing loss and sustained permanent injuries to her leg, which was hit by a rocket on a mission in afghanistan.
education because weve so dropped out of compassion.
so is that possible, to change our way of being, to transform ones mind
as a result, this stuff gets fed to dogs at best, or is incinerated.
stage four tribes can do remarkable things.
and when i met him, he was a kind gentle old man.
these are some climbers waiting to go to the summit.
ive always had a hard time with the word maverick.
and i said to the translator, what did he say
and she said, he says he knows who you are, what do you want
and it talks about the back story of something like a tshirt.
we have opportunities in housing and real estate.
it was the government that made law function finally.
the hind legs have got the same action.
but ive also, over the last year or so, got in touch with my inner tortoise.
so me, general tsos chicken and this logo are all karmacally related.
one of the things that has got to come out of copenhagen in the next few months is an agreement that there will be a global environmental institution that is able to deal with the problems of persuading the whole of the world to move along a climatechange agenda.
i dont want to write for this public audience.
and were seeing from all points on the globe similar stories.
that genome data can now be found on openaccess genetic data banks around the world, and its an enormous boon to researchers trying to come up with treatments.
and he says, i could go there all day long and talk to people and share ideas for free.
in an irritated voice, they said, youve given us a machine that works only in english, so we had to teach ourselves english in order to use it.
all of the plans for me were already made.
in the first place, its not so easy to even find your vagina.
and were afraid, like young lovers, that too much talking might spoil the romance.
you will know what this person is doing, whether happy, sad, old, young  a huge amount of information.
right now we teach our kids to go after really good jobs, you know, and the school system teaches them to go after things like being a doctor and being a lawyer and being an accountant and a dentist and a teacher and a pilot.
and of course, the third motivator, one near and dear to my heart as an entrepreneur, is wealth.
work engaging in activities that are meaningful and satisfying.
the modern tools of neuroscience are demonstrating to us that whats going on up there is nothing short of rocket science.
i suspect thats possibly a euphemism for c student who spent a lot of time in his room is it possible
the european union employs a permanent staff of about , translators.
we have several teams in the main part of afghanistan.
ill go through the three basic configurations.
well, ive got to tell you, its just not going to be pretty.
broke many norms of the standard conventions for the first time.
and my eponymous colleague, seymour benzer, believed it as well.
so we didnt get caught this time.
our energy sources are not sustainable.
but as much as the small stuff stinks, we needed somewhere to start, so that we would have somewhere to go.
he somehow had to escape that hardscrabble farm from which he was born.
my wife pointed out to me that it will work better if i put both on at the same time because otherwise the whole thing will tip over.
i am another image and vision of another survivor of war.
and knowing what we know about the destructive power of cigarettes, we continue to allow our children, our sons and daughters, to be in the presence of the influences that start them smoking.
you can tell them. you can shine that light on them, one human interaction at a time. so we hope youll join us.
theyre not shy of hyperbole as you can see.
talk about more plastic bags than plankton.
but suppose you take some dirt and dig through it and then put it into these spectrometers, because theres bacteria all over the place or you take water anywhere on earth, because its teaming with life, and you make the same analysis the spectrum looks completely different.
and so, if you think of cancer as a system, theres an input and an output and a state in the middle.
inside, all of us panting, i sat a moment and i heard rafi telling his father, father, you can run faster than me.
and here are the dietary factors going head to head against these drugs.
and how can we do that
fastforward  years, and bell and watsons technology has completely transformed global communications.
why do we suffer its an ageold question that we havent answered.
i have a helios. we have the first video.
and its not a diet.
but before i do this  and this is another one of my pet peeves  i want to talk a little bit about who the poor are.
queues of people start lining up at my house to charge their mobile phone.
so, i couldnt let myself feel condescending towards these boys.
were pasting portraits  so both portraits in the streets in a crowded market.
but beyond the staggering numbers, whats truly important from a global health point of view, whats truly worrying from a global health point of view, is that the vast majority of these affected individuals do not receive the care that we know can transform their lives, and remember, we do have robust evidence that a range of interventions, medicines, psychological interventions, and social interventions, can make a vast difference.
basically, theres a major demographic event going on.
so we took a look at another idea.
but its possibly, and definitely not enough.
i was thrilled to get it. i was thrilled to be the only person standing on the stage with a shiny silver helmet.

a high death rate will, of course, arise from simply rejecting these therapies, in favor of carrying on having a lot of kids.
so we had to ask the question, well how do we fix that
a half an inch would have taken his head off.
whenever we are talking about facts certain opinions must be excluded.
so it opens up a whole new world, and these people saw it.
djabran fluctus.
and all the light that we see from a typical galaxy, which is the kind of galaxies that were seeing here, comes from the light from the stars.
youre getting better, but its hard. why is it hard
im going to tell you about how i learned something about life.
and there, i dealt with things like the middle east peace process, the lockerbie issue  we can talk about that later, if you wish  but above all, my responsibility was iraq and its weapons of mass destruction and the sanctions we placed on iraq to oblige it to disarm itself of these weapons.
so i decided to try and write something more fun.
rhexs foot started off to be quite simple, then it got tuned over time, and ultimately resulted in this half circle.
its going to be  below, every single day.
or im going to use simple to mean and im going to use as an example the internet, because its a particularly good example of stacked simplicity.
well, two dollars, two dollars is too much for africa.
we had a memorable fight. feminism is dated
how does that compare to a normal school
in order to answer that question  you might think its simple, but its not simple.
i have a dream that we can stop thinking that the future will be a nightmare, and this is going to be a challenge, because, if you think of every major blockbusting film of recent times, nearly all of its visions for humanity are apocalyptic.
and they were full of all kinds of jargon.
did the organism evolve to mildness in a place like chile, which has some of the most well protected water supplies in latin america
for example, this citizens united ruling is a disaster, because it means theres like a money gun aimed at your head, and if you step out of line, if you try to reach across the aisle, theres a ton of money waiting to be given to your opponent to make everybody think that you are a terrible person through negative advertising.
and by , i had the sense, i really had the sense that i could overcome this, that i was now strong enough that by an act of will, i could blow the obsessional thinking away.
and then i ask an even more stupid question why dont you have the prostheses
i kept getting this call from this oncologist named david agus.
its not telling the parents, if you see paralysis, take your child to the doctor or get your child vaccinated.
so basically, theyre learning how to build on good news.
and it was very soon when the cybercriminals learned that the quickest way to do this, of course, the quickest way to a persons wallet is through the promise of sex and love.
photography carries a power that holds up under the relentless swirl of todays saturated, media world, because photographs emulate the way that our mind freezes a significant moment.
my artistic horizons continue to grow.
it will be a school where children go on these intellectual adventures driven by the big questions which their mediators put in.
he goes and sees the governor. the governor says, boris nikolayevich, i understand you are doing a great job, and you are the most respected newspaper in our district.
and well come back to chromosomes in a minute.
there was no day of global unity.
okay, so what this tells us is that, contrary to the old adage, monkey see, monkey do, the surprise really is that all of the other animals really cannot do that  at least not very much.
art,arts,data,security,war,web
again, we could supply the content for it.
i know dr. carolyn porco is the camera p.i.
so there is no mistake.
rb no.
that gets your adrenaline going.
where are we today
but there are many other dimensions to pakistan.
all of those people are between  and  years old, and they are the engine that drives scientific discovery in this country.
this is terrestrial chemistry. weve all got it, which means that this technology is just as appropriate for developing countries as it is for first world countries.
this is really a world within a world, and were going to show you two.
they want these skills.
what is the story you most want for them to tell
another answer might be, well, it came from a sort of lone genius working in his garage, who, working away on different kinds of bikes, comes up with a bike out of thin air.
it is a story of hope, resilience and glamour.
book,dance,language,life,productivity,work
you, i imagine, can do much better things with your time.
i think math is very important, but so is dance.
this is the board, this is one of the things that goes inside that makes this technology work.
or is it the amplified sound of a synapse firing in the brain of a cockroach
if you were going to go and try to create spaceshipone, or any kind of a new technology, you have to fund that from the beginning and maintain that funding with an uncertain outcome.
now, until , the bulk of all this money flew into the u.s. economy because the bulk of the money was denominated in u.s. dollars and the money laundering was taking place inside the united states.
but authority is not enough to make people your partners.
but to me, the most exciting part of it is the data that were gathering.
we found out about it a few days later.
and then, of course, in the natural course of things, they will expand back.
bruce feiler agile programming  for your family
as you look at a tree, it takes a magnifying glass to see a giant tree.
my mother, she said, my mother didnt enjoy a fight, but she was really good at them.
that would not work.
it will cause one to get created on the other side.
so on day one, we knew we had good apples.
i hope thats going to change over the next few years.
fall down nine times, get up .
you have to admit, thats a pretty boss piece of detective work for an old man on a date.
now the only person  it turns out one son and one daughter, siblings, didnt get along and their patterns are exactly the same.
also, we did focus groups with people who were on the ground with kids every day, like playground supervisors. we talked to them, confirmed some hypotheses and identified some serious questions about gender difference and play.
you cannot be constrained by the publics opinion.
and theyre  theyre just as great on that screen as they were in person.
a final thought ending civil wars is a process that is fraught with dangers, frustrations and setbacks.
yeah, stuff like that was in the movie and shes promoting it.
move on ... in fact ... concern ...
so, moving onward.
and one of them was unclear who taught us physics.
and when i looked at it first, i thought, no, theres no beauty in that.
but i also knew how hard they worked all week.
and almost the same happens here.
no hair, no eyelashes, no nothing.
what i have here are two empty water bottles.
now, the question then arises if i simply watch another person being touched, why do i not get confused and literally feel that touch sensation merely by watching somebody being touched
we dont have to fall in love with each other, but we can become friends.
this picture is incredible.
i did not decline.
and some doctors think, yeah right, youre really in pain.
my mother told me to take it smaller.
at tedxnyed, former young republican larry lessig talks about what democrats can learn about copyright from their opposite party, considered more conservative. a surprising lens on remix culture.
so were going to do the last clip.
these are the sounds you would expect, but they are also the sounds of dissonant concerts of a flock of birds screeching in the night, the highpitched honest cries of children and the thunderous, unbearable silence.
eat your vegetables.
they have  schools  mostly middle schools, some high schools  and what goes on is great teaching.
and then you have these millions of street lamps deployed around the world.
and believe it or not, they went for it.
you dunk it in the river.
we are very happy because we have the opportunity to have this angel in the world  not only in our country, venezuela, but in our world.
and we have not had the other side of the argument fully aired so that people can draw their own conclusions.
now nonviolence starts to work like a flywheel.
you very quickly work out what is it that youve got to do to fathom that out.
gordon brown i think it is about global citizenship. its about recognizing our responsibilities to others.
weve just been insanely trying to figure out how to live with each other  billions of each other.
and people began to say, i turn myself off when i feel dead inside, when i dont like my body, when i feel old, when i havent had time for myself, when i havent had a chance to even check in with you, when i dont perform well at work, when i feel low self esteem, when i dont have a sense of selfworth, when i dont feel like i have a right to want, to take, to receive pleasure.
not a lot of cool, sexy stuff happening in dentistry.
country , that has a longer system of railways, is actually india.
for example, they hoped that certain species of fish like the new zealand snapper would return because they had been fished to the brink of commercial extinction.
it was the idea of isolating the tactile component of sculpture, and then putting it into a communication system.
our next artist, balasubramaniam, really stands at the crossroads of sculpture, painting and installation, working wonders with fiberglass.
so i hope youre going to hear this.
this was work from many people, but im going to explain it through a confirmatory experiment that i did a few years ago.
hes  years old, very wellbuilt, lean, hes sixfoot, five, weighs  lbs., and he is down.
like cyclones coming up toward bangladesh.
when you write the bestselling book in the world, its tons and tons of money  and it brought in a lot of attention, neither of which i wanted.
i want to help you.
its not only the giving of answers.
and as you translate them, and as you see how other people translate them, you start learning the language.
im earthed in my essence, and my self is suspended.
and we certainly should think in the context of a criminal trial that thats unlikely, because of the presumption of innocence.
so we ask people, how much should grace be blamed in this case, which we call a failed attempt to harm
but theyre also trying to undermine everything in the game.
and finally, another example sudden cardiac death.
and im sure ross can associate that with design.
this was a magic box.
and these meetings had this effect while taking under  minutes.
so this is a real problem  not just because the red sox are having a bad year  but its a real problem because, as were discussing here at ted, the real problems in the world the interesting problems to solve are global in scale and scope, they require global conversations to get to global solutions.
george there were many things that touched me.
in fact, the west has lost its work ethic.
some are public. some are private.
then i went somewhere else.
so this weighs a little more than a tenth of a pound.
this is actually a patient who was presented with a deceased organ, and we then created one of these smart biomaterials, and then we then used that smart biomaterial to replace and repair that patients structure.
i said, what do you mean
they think theyre going to maybe come to like the picture they chose a little more than the one they left behind, but these are not statistically significant differences.
we have confused maslows hierarchy of needs just a little bit.
so if we add in a chimpanzee here, we will see more differences.
so the pup you see on the bottom is affected by atrazine that its grandmother was exposed to.
the question is how long will it take you to fill it up
well for health, im looking for wholesome ingredients that are good for my body.
and this is kind of how the internet works.
thats one of those new chocolate cell phones.
in the end, it was one of the top downloads on a whole bunch of music streaming services.
all i did was codify it, and its probably the worlds simplest idea.
so they came to howard, and they said, fix us.
and it doesnt fit, so it gets all wrinkly. now look at how ive drawn this here.
what interests me in this speech is cars. automobiles may be what you use, but cars are what we are, in many ways.
instead of drawing someones face, like drawing the shape, i point at them with the eye and i write down the different notes i hear, and then i create sound portraits.
so, maybe spraying ddt on crops is a really bad idea.
you know, theres no way that you can do anything for anyone if you overdo things.
so we thought like, this is too much of an opportunity, so we hired a feng shui master.
in social, in education and in our business, dont value play.
this was a visualization done by fernando viegas and martin wattenberg, two amazing visualization designers, who looked at a weekends worth of twitter traffic and essentially found that a lot of these trending topics were basically segregated conversations  and in ways that you wouldnt expect.
they affect our communications, our pension funds.
we have lost this sensibility when it regards our food, and we are paying a cost.
but here she became an evangelist, recruiting others to get the fax machines because it made their purchase more valuable.
the only problem is, the first edged weapons only appeared about , years ago.
ok, so this is our movie of the equatorial region of titan, showing these dunes. these are dunes that are  meters tall, separated by a few kilometers, and they go on for miles and miles and miles.
fifteen of you are psychopaths.
news of this silly little story quickly spread through the school, and i earned my first nickname porkchop.
he had to break off a piece to get out of egypt recently.
dont you want to look
this is the neurotypical child, and what you see is that the child is able to make cues of the dynamic information to predict where the ball is going to go.
three wayward pacmen, and three pointy brackets are actually present.
thats intentional.
and although we know that the land animals im going to talk about are just the scum of the earth on the land  the little bits of land floating around  but they are important to us because theyre sort of in our scale of experience from millimeters to meters.
and by seven minutes and  seconds they had to pull my body out and bring me back.
you can put it louder if you can.
if you ever think, ah, i want to end it all, dont end it all.
and the fact that the polar bear and husky or magpie and a bear or you and i and our dogs can crossover and have that experience sets play aside as something separate.
militias were raping sixmonthold babies so that countries far away could get access to gold and coltan for their iphones and computers.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdanarielywhatmakesusfeelgoodaboutourwork.html
this is kimbo.
well, i dont like the term benevolent dictator, and i dont think that its my job or my role in the world of ideas to be the dictator of the future of all human knowledge compiled by the world.
success is in the doing, and failures are celebrated and analyzed.
shall i ever so slightly shift my weight to the left
hes at mit.
and sometimes i get to the end of the poem and look back and go, oh, thats what this is all about, and sometimes i get to the end of the poem and havent solved anything, but at least i have a new poem out of it.
and they support them around the diagnosis and educate them about how to take their medicines, how to take care of themselves, how to take care of their babies.
emotions are shortlived intense responses to challenge and to opportunity.
and hes operating in a hostile environment.
we did this with food technologists in india and pakistan  really about three of them.
puise, right
now, this simple equation, even for those of you who dont like equations, is something that youre quite used to.
but other treatments such as acupuncture and massage, and even just relaxation, clearly have some kind of benefit.
i mean, if youre lucky enough you get to do it more than once, right
and that is the perspective i have, and then i can start my story.
she told us of little girls raped by men who believe that having sex with a very young virgin will cure them from aids.
the finns may be a bit boring and depressive and theres a very high suicide rate, but by golly, they are qualified.
its what we do with that information that matters.
and the famous sociologist, william julius wilson, was doing a book that involved surveying people all across chicago.
shes partially blind, her husband cant work, shes got seven kids.
courtney martin reinventing feminism
some people think i am the nerd tony soprano, and in response, i have ordered a bulletproof pocket protector.
this linearity thing is a problem.
so whats going on
and for far too long, we have underestimated ourselves and been undervalued by others.
so were seeing theres a real extension of middle age.
and she said, well, one.
what zipcar does is we park cars throughout dense urban areas for members to reserve, by the hour and by the day, instead of using their own car.
and where the bible is addressed exclusively to men, using the second and third person masculine, the koran includes women  talking, for instance, of believing men and believing women, honorable men and honorable women.
and i started putting the first youtube videos up really just as a kind of nicetohave, just a supplement for my cousins  something that might give them a refresher or something.
you couldnt really make any money selling marijuana.
so, its a wheelleg hybrid robot.
and if you are like me, a big, geeky, white, american guy, you tend to interact with a lot of other geeky, white, american guys.
and in this particular example, what i took is some membrane molecules, mixed those together in the right environment, and within seconds it forms these rather complex and beautiful structures here.
i put my left foot on the cable, the weight of my body raised on my right leg anchored to the flank of the building.
but today, finally, after economic reforms, and economic growth, i think the notion that cities are engines of economic growth, cities are engines of creativity, cities are engines of innovation, have finally been accepted.
and those dolphin parts had a huge load of pcbs, dioxins and heavy metals.
they get permission to use the new, you know, univac computer that takes up an entire room that theyd just gotten at the apl.

you see people on average making  cents to a dollar.
and no, i dont know how it works into the whole puzzling scheme of things, but obviously i know a coded message when i see one.
see this line, this is a landscape for violent video games.
so, im graduating college and, feeling very idealistic, i decided to join the ngo which actually was using new media to promote democracy and media reform in much of the former soviet union.
i decided i had to do some research and really figure out what had gone wrong somewhere along the history of airstream.
you saw one reference to that in what we were able to do with aids drugs.
we have . million expensively deployed, inefficient radio cellular base stations.
that means that theres no upwelling, and theres basically no food.
and we had the opportunity to build a building on this site.
thats moby dick.
so its a homeless pigeon now and its going to have to find another place to live, and that allows me to go through my catalog of favorite things, and we start with the tall ones and so on.
you put something in a bin and you dont have to think about it again.
right and they decided that instead of, like, having a studio, and six or seven apartments, it was cheaper to rent elizabeth taylors exhouse in malibu.
now when the price of any technology declines that dramatically, the barriers to entry go down.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjuliasweeneyonlettinggoofgod.html
whenever youre told that some existing statistical trend will continue, but you arent given a hardtovary account of what causes that trend, youre being told a wizard did it.
my ted wish theres a vital story that needs to be told, and i wish for ted to help me gain access to it and then to help me come up with innovative and exciting ways to use news photography in the digital era.
bf there we go
and then as the cells grow, theyre all releasing that molecule into the environment, so theres lots of molecule there.
some say that a normal males lung has an area of the inside of a basketball court.
theyre moving away from each other because space itself is getting bigger, ok.
and this was something that was really brought home to me a year ago when i found out i was pregnant and the first scan revealed that my baby had a birth defect associated with exposure to estrogenic chemicals in the womb and the second scan revealed no heartbeat.
lets sell pirate supplies. this is the pirate supply store.
but you have everything you need.
but then, if we shift the dial ,  years back, then we get to the places where the corals are absolutely healthy and gorgeous, forming spectacular structures, and where the predators are the most conspicuous thing, where you see between  and  sharks per dive.
global issues,health,mental health
and half a million people gathered for the celebrations you can see them on the site itself as the foundations are beginning.
we have opportunities in agriculture, like i said.
and he kind of flicked it open in a way that caught the sun that was just coming over the rockies, it was very  it was, it was impressive.
i am not a breast cancer survivor.
it says u.s. army right on it.
getting out of poverty.
and then have technology that the person taking the photo will know later, this person requested to be contacted before this goes anywhere big, if you dont mind.
if we were only governed by pleasure we would not survive.
so, public and private partnerships, advocacy groups, working with foundations.
theyre watching their own brain activation, and theyre controlling the pathway that produces their pain.
and id love to talk about that  and itd be fun  but,  years later ...
well, what happened over the last  years
and so, what they would do is, theyd have these comic pages that resemble print comics pages, and they would introduce all this sound and motion.
so here are two leaders. they dont have a lot in common.
and then finally youre able to get that structure out.
do you think you could go to the store and get a choice of power bars, like we can, and pick the right one to match
calculus is also a mathematics of curves.
we still dont know who her parents are, who she is.
it was started by erik winfree, and what it does, it has tiles that are a hundredth the size of a dna origami.
so what was once the special little side treat now is the main, much more regular.
the copernican dream was unfulfilled.
he works on mostly music videos and commercials with his company, the directors bureau.
you really reduce congestion quite substantially.
and lets do it soon. thank you.
and then id put my sunglasses on, the beard that would all sprout out, and i would say, i dont need no stinking license.
we hope that we can sometime clean up oil spills, or we can gather or collect plastic in the ocean, or we can have swarms of our machines controlled by multiplayer video game engines to control many of these machines, to monitor coral reefs or to monitor fisheries.
both national competitiveness and national security are at risk.
we know that modernization is happening.
and, i mean, first of all we  nobody had actually crossed the atlantic in a hot air balloon before, so we had to build a hot air balloon that was capable of flying in the jet stream, and we werent quite sure, when a balloon actually got into the jet stream, whether it would actually survive the ,  miles an hour winds that you can find up there.
so, theyre topping up the value from kampala, and its now being topped up in the village.
on the left of that diagram, here, youll see a series of five platforms  sort of combs, collective programs.
this is a closeup of the buddhist monastery.
the worst thing thats happened in the cave so far was one of the robots fell down ten meters.
you can see it at a gross level in the world of dating.
its a kind of hudson river school landscape featuring open spaces of low grasses interspersed with copses of trees.
im actually going to share something with you i havent talked about probably in more than  years.
blog posts, photographs, thoughts, feelings, opinions, all of these things were being expressed by people online, and leaving behind trails.
last year at ted we aimed to try to clarify the overwhelming complexity and richness that we experience at the conference in a project called big viz.
shes looking at the seams. shes looking at the construction.
you want to do cars, youve got to go outside.
these are supposed to simulate the actual form of a sprinter when they run.
so some things that are missing is, for example, if you had a flow of energy through a system, what wed want is a protocell that can harvest some of that energy in order to maintain itself, much like living systems do.
i think this true marriage of art and information is woefully underused in adult literature, and im mystified as to why visual wealth is not more commonly used to enhance intellectual wealth.
but we see that each one of these is actually hacking, and has a different way of finding out how to do life.
sugata mitra i took the experiment to south africa.
how do these nielsen ratings reflect not just what youve heard about, which is the idea of our social, collective unconscious, but how do these top nielsenrated shows over  years reflect the idea of our social conscience
they tell myths and legends about love.
now, in the next few slides im just going to focus on that little square there.
the debate over foreign aid often pits those who mistrust charity against those who mistrust reliance on the markets. jacqueline novogratz proposes a middle way she calls patient capital, with promising examples of entrepreneurial innovation driving social change.
okay, great.
its a place where theres a fold in the geologic stratum that collects water and fills to the roof.
so stop worrying and keep shopping.
and, of course, we are amused by jokes because they are funny.
these models, like the leaky bucket, work well in most situations.
amartya sen won his nobel prize for saying, guess what, famines happen in the presence of food because people have no ability to buy it.
i was fortunate in finding things.
what are you allowed to say or not say
what technology can we really apply to reducing global poverty
so what could possibly change this terrible gap that has opened up in the world today
we were pushed together, and neither one of us really wanted to meet the other.
but it does suggest that that number might be a little big.
again, not a single one of them  i think there are about seven or eight of them  thought this would do any good. they thought this was a temporary change.
by the third sentence, she was in tears.
in london i lived in a glass box for  days with nothing but water.
in this one, because the auction was actually so controversial, profiles in history, the auction house that sold this  i think in  for about , dollars  they actually included  you can see here on the bottom  not just a front elevation, but also a side, rear and other side elevation.
on the back there is scales and measurements for terrestrial navigation.
after all, theres no running or jumping, and the ball stands still.
he models genes.
so what do we need to do
but nonetheless, its an extraordinary piece of engineering.
like those chloroplast cells  theyre completely surrounded by other life.
derek sivers how to start a movement
i know its a cliche, but look, look how small, how tiny it has gotten.
he made restitution and found himself a new job.
the next question is, how do you answer the call of nature at minus 
but what youll see is  its going to receive a push now from the left.
but people did not relate to this.
its like its own little coupling.
the doctor, medical team from university of miami arrived at five in the morning.
her muscles bulging in her forehead when she winces like that.
theyre essentially, to a point, attempts at planning what other people should do, planning their life for them.
and jaclyn overheard her father talking to an old man about how he was about to sell her for the cows.
early religious thought conceived god as a sort of superhuman person, doing things all over the place.
there you go chris.
its a very small form, like a joke, a poem, a magic trick or a song, very compact form.
i wrote computer programs to make complex graphics like this.
all those things do is change who pays.
come back to us in maybe six months.
and senator heinz sat very quietly and he said, well, what would your reaction be if i said id give you a million dollars
its about a petabyte, so far, of worldwide television  russian, chinese, japanese, iraqi, al jazeera, bbc, cnn, abc, cbs, nbc   hours a day.
and you can say, well how do you know theyre happy
i had to focus all my energies towards going to find new species of things down on deep coral reefs.
now i have to tell you that the techniques being shown here are obsolete and dangerous.
ive been following this change for quite a while now, and participating in it.
dai manju is  years old at the time the story starts.
theyre crosscountry skiing up the mountain with these grim expressions that make dick cheney look like jerry lewis.
this can do , people a year, which is  percent of their population, and its people on people.
and thirdly, it had to be something which she could carry in her kit.
in a country of a billion people and some, why so few
httpwww.ted.comtalksgeoffmulganpostcrashinvestinginabetterworld.html
when the conquistadors arrived in north america you had two choices you either fight back and engage or you could take off.
they produce six different types of silk, which is spun together into a fiber, tougher than any fiber humans have ever made.
and i thought when id get to my apartment that thered be a lot of women there.
do you want to be a publisher, a technology licenser
yet as much as i love stories, recently, ive also begun to think that they lose their magic if and when a story is seen as more than a story.
will it work or will something happen that we cant understand and we cant fix, thereby negating the concept of manmade biospheres
so, we were talking about the differences between the traditions and what many people perceived as the tragedy of the destruction of the bamiyan buddhas, but i offered the suggestion that perhaps we could look at this in a positive way.
i like the idea of collaboration with people like that because it pushes you.
and even if they sometimes do nothing at all.
if you look at some of the surveys on how the young people actually benefit from the internet, youll see that the number of teenagers in china, for example, for whom the internet actually broadens their sex life, is three times more than in the united states.
so here in new york, i urge you, my fellow americans, to help us make america great again.
heres the second problem you can have  dollars today or  dollars in a month. which would you prefer
i thought if i had the right house or the right car or the right man in my life, then i could be happy.
but we activate targets in the brain, different ones, using that optical fiber array i told you about in the previous slide, in order to try and figure out which targets can cause the brain to overcome that memory of fear.
with scientists around the world, ive been looking at the  percent of the ocean that is open to fishing  and mining, and drilling, and dumping, and whatever  to search out hope spots, and try to find ways to give them and us a secure future.
we know that kids spend a lot of time behind screens today, whether its television or computer games or whatnot.
she then assigned these works racial identities, basically saying to me that the work on the right, clearly, was made by a black artist, the work on the left, clearly, by a white artist, when, in effect, that was the opposite case bob colescott, africanamerican artist leon golub, a white artist.
hod lipson demonstrates a few of his cool little robots, which have the ability to learn, understand themselves and even selfreplicate.
a hospital in zambia.
because after all, if you ask even grownups about statistics, they look extremely stupid.
youll find millions or trillions or billions of objects which, in what we call the kuiper belt or the oort cloud  these are clouds of small objects which appear as comets when they fall close to the sun. mostly, they just live out there in the cold of the outer solar system, but they are biologically very interesting indeed, because they consist primarily of ice with other minerals, which are just the right ones for developing life.
theres a huge disconnect at the moment still between the virtual and the physical.
they are to stay alive, to earn a living, to not become hiv positive.
so i am a movement chauvinist.
these just become numbers that we refer to.
local and foreign military are supposed to build peace together with the donors and the governmental and nongovernmental organizations.
richard nixon goes to represent the united states government at the celebrations for independence in ghana.
this is a very important picture of the evolution of energy systems.
they said, that guy looked sketchy. i was suspicious, but my children were hungry.
and they can only in a very primitive way, and in a very limited way control their movements.
the bottom line that i decided was actually womens issues are the hardest issues, because they are the ones that have to do with life and death in so many aspects, and because, as i said, it is really central to the way that we think about things.
people stink
the arrow of time cannot be completely understood until the mystery of the beginnings of the history of the universe are reduced still further from speculation to understanding.
theres a whole family of curves here.
her name is pam moran in albemarle county, virginia, the foothills of the blue ridge mountains.
we dont really have mental health insurance in this country, and its   its really a crime.
can be worse, can be better.
its kind of arrogant.
and the girl said, they will in a minute.
most of all, i learned about love.
this is a little vault  you have to put your product in there, it goes up an electric lift and then the guy behind the counter tells you that you have to recite the vow of heroism, which you do, if you want to buy anything. and it limits, really, their sales.
and in south africa, we had taken our innovators, and many of us had gone there share with the colleagues in south africa as to how innovation can become a means of liberation from the drudgery that people have.
and so i decided to give this a shot heart pounding, i ran my first race and i beat the national recordholder by three hundredths of a second, and became the new national recordholder on my first try out.
it will make longerlasting products. it will create better, more intuitive customer service.
again, chiming with your view that china has a militarized regime ready to, you know, mobilize its enormous forces.
we might divide it  the plumber would say, well, wheres the water
so thats this kind of recursive observation system.
its hard to always show compassion  even to the people we love, but robert thurman asks that we develop compassion for our enemies. he prescribes a sevenstep meditation exercise to extend compassion beyond our inner circle.
there is west indian chinese food, theres jamaican chinese food, there is middle eastern chinese food, theres mauritian chinese food.
there i am like a bloody windmill again, you see.

and the first thing that i want to talk about, the first thing i think we need to understand is how do people respond to the epidemic
is it his
and it turns out that ants will respond to the right rate of contact with a glass bead with hydrocarbon extract on it, as they would to contact with real ants.
and i finished high school. and just walking, i found a man who gave me a full scholarship to the united states.
thats a huge job that weve got on our hands.
in fact were finishing a book which is called pleasure, which is about sensual pleasure in spaces.
my whole life, my fathers been there.
so these are the things that you dont find elsewhere, but you do find at the office.
water is going to be our big, grand challenge quenching thirst.
and we must do something about those problems.
demo,design,flight,green,solar,technology,transportation
hows that
kadoom. kadoom. kadoom.
interesting problem.
and again, he volunteered to a pivotal study that we ran worldwide, also in the u.s.
they sold out of all of their books.
why would they go to that bother
we have got to make sure that we can move our economies forward, and also our societies, based on the idea that people can really feel mathematics.
and when you look at this image, you might find yourself going, why would i conceivably care about this
so what happens in an institution is the very person who has the power to solve the problem also has a very, very large budget.
in this case, the frequency is lower.
it was done by dr. craig venter.
despite the fact that this is the most complex and diverse system in the universe, theres an extraordinary simplicity being expressed by this.
she walked into my office at a time when no one knew where afghanistan was in the united states.
and its very empty. the vacuum there is one million times less dense than the highest vacuum that our best technology on earth can currently create. so thats how different a typical place is from this place.
and this graffiti artist has come along, made this sign a little bit better, and then moved on.
and i want to call it the girl cell.
development,global issues,health care,poverty
it doesnt recognize an ironic smile, or a happy smile, or a frustrated smile.
however, in the presence of the tumor, now there are molecular scissors that can break this molecule apart right there at the cleavable site.
so it was about four years ago, five years ago, i was sitting on a stage in philadelphia, i think it was, with a bag similar to this.
they tried to engineer bacterias in such a way that they would act as your kidneys.
its not something you want to put on your facebook page, right
that is, which ones actually make people lastingly happier
well, basically, we dam it, we pollute it, we pour in pesticides, weedicides, fungicides.
there is plenty of beautiful things going on. there are angels around america doing great things in schools  farmtoschool setups, garden setups, education  there are amazing people doing this already.
pm so how do we get this balance were looking for, then, in the world
and they took us  they put us up in a great hotel and we were looking over the bay, and then they took us in a boat out in the water and showed us all these sights in the harbor.
someone came up to them and said, youre the chosen one.
because dragonflies need fresh water to breed.
google say the business and the city and state.
adoration and admiration will overwhelm you.
and so one of the things that i think were learning  if you think about, like, wikipedia, its something that was simply impossible.
and god shook his head and said, not this year, not this decade, perhaps not even in your lifetime.
and he had somewhat of a minor league womanizing reputation.
so, having seen all of this in the course of a year career, i was still a skeptic about climate change until about  years ago, because i thought the story of climate change was based on computer models.
no, agile aerial robots like this one.
you know, its the first time that were going to have a chance to have planetary redundancy, a chance to, if you would, back up the biosphere.
his name was lothar, lothar meggendorfer.
but where is this going
and then they make a little tent for the baby.
and it has changed the way your future employer will look at your application.
in the future youre going to be checking all your vital signs, all your vital signs your heart rhythm, your blood pressure, your oxygen, your temperature, etc.
and he looked at me, and he said, yeah. or maybe youre the only one who had to go to the bathroom.
joshua klein yeah, yeah. pretty interesting.
well, ive been thinking. for one thing, theres a new electronic tagging technology that allows any store to know the entire history of any item on the shelves in that store.
this is why im here in front of you.
its whatever moves you personally.
so these are some newer projects that actually arent even launched publicly yet.
now thats a big abstract number.
why because i told you we want to use these games for education or for rehabilitation. we need to have effects that are going to be longlasting.
the film, without his permission or even knowledge at first, found its way onto the internet.
we have two identical tiles, on the left, one in a dark surround, one in a light surround.
laptop use to solve overpopulation. and if everything failed, there are some secondary uses.
its the point about how this connects to our kids.
well, its the relative importance.
did a stint at mtv, made a film called startup.com, and ive done a couple of music films  but in , when the war in iraq was about to start, it was a very surreal feeling for me because before the war started, there was kind of this media war that was going on.
we sent two orbiters and two landers in the summer of .
and the resources that we use are not this twodimensional swath of land that we have.
how do i get them to pass i have to get them  more marks.
and i said, yes, but how much space do i have
they did it within two or three degrees of the pole, to maintain similarity between continents.
she ended up underneath the car.
like most of our money, its just a piece of metal.
and then notice that all the information written on there is stuff youll need.
and i remember then getting out of the shower and realizing i couldnt even feel my hands.
and by the way, when i graduated from mit, i thought the worst and silliest thing to do would be to go to paris for six years.
so thats great. so that was too easy.
where is it theres no way ...
so i thought we could build a super bowl ad for this.
our narrative here is real fmri data thats mapped visually and sonically.
but i can go on about telling you how we evolve stories, and how stories effectively are who we are and how these get translated into the particular discipline that i am in, which is film.
paola antonelli previews design and the elastic mind
i just show it because i want you to know im concerned about context.
okay, so how exactly do we create this worldshattering, if you will, innovation

they begin with a question.
so, we talked about ways in which perhaps one could partner to be able to bring the cost of this technology down.
can you understand my quaint english accent
though i was attached to this ugly, unwanted, highmaintenance, mechanical pet, my life was kind of like the happy part in an opera  very complicated, but in a good way.
so, as an aside, i firmly believe in the field of trying to identify cancer early.
take path one, youre going to be a perpetrator of evil.
in alberta people work nonstop,  hours by seven to extract as much oil as they can.
did it start there and get transported here
we dont have anything to translate that will into action.
money does not make me happy appeared first as doublepage spreads in a magazine.
because, if you look closely enough, things will begin to appear.
and that huge load was passing into the people that ate this meat.
and what happened then is we all told our stories, and we all connected as human beings.
we are a nation of immigrants.
in , i briefly left sarajevo to go report the genocide in rwanda.
but it all revolved around that original definition of success.
my grandmother had tuberculosis, and she worked in a sewing machine shop, making shirts for about  cents an hour.
so this is where this little dear comes into play.
and we allowed users, readers, two places where they could contribute to the paper the letters page, where they could write a letter in, and we would condescend to them, cut it in half, and print it three days later.
i dont know ultimately what they will do.
and i think that the answer is, we can look at mortality data, and we can use mortality data to figure out what the prevalence was in the past.
typically, these things are put in the ground.
and so when  million people finally won the right to choose their own governments, i was ecstatic, but i was also a touch worried about some of the nastier things lurking behind the wall.
so heres a great puzzle in a universe ruled by the second law of thermodynamics, how is it possible to generate the sort of complexity ive described, the sort of complexity represented by you and me and the convention center
but you just have to look at the words around you and youll find it.
so that if you sit down on my chair, whether youre five feet tall or six foot six, it always deals with your weight and transfers the amount of force required to recline in a way that you dont have to look for something to adjust.
and in that whole idea, how do we configure the relationship between our body and the space
theres a group of people that have come forward  and you dont know all of them  but the ones that have come forward were inspired as young children, this little three to yearold age, by us going to orbit and going to the moon here, right in this time period.
aravind, which started as a seva project, is now the worlds largest and best eye hospital.
and we came up with this analogy, and it seemed to work.
there are truths to be known about how human communities flourish, whether or not we understand these truths.
narrator the following takes place between the minutes of  p.m. and  p.m., in the months preceding the presidential primaries.
now you have billions of this machine right now working away inside you, copying your dna with exquisite fidelity.
were now thinking that, in fact, this is probably the start of a new way of regulating and addressing international challenges.
they have been detached from their people, from the masses, and now we are seeing them collapsing one after the other.
right how do you capture that
the problem is, in my village, oakland, in most of our villages, we dont see that connection.
what if we put holly into the same context as humans
now, you may say, but surely, what weve seen on television about saudi islam convinces us that it cant possibly be compatible with what we consider the core of democracy  namely, free political choice, basic liberty and basic equality.
we can inspire each other.
this is an old woodcut from the , s.
and the wholeness is the reality of you when you relate to the world.
i walked all the way up to port townsend, washington, where i built a wooden boat, rode it across puget sound and walked across washington to idaho and down to missoula, montana.
made an intensified camera, wanted to make this electronic jellyfish.
it invaded into his lungs.
and there might be quite a few people here who would be very glad to see the last king cobra bite the dust.
so we collect this mr.
lets think about your ethical footprint.
because its like as bill clinton was saying about rwandan health clinics.
we used all of that, including a giant hole in the floor that we actually descended the camera and cameraman through.
buddhism,culture,happiness,health,productivity,success,work
people like leonardo  there have not been many  had this amazingly instinctive curiosity.
and every year i go there and make a map of my study site.
and so, the games that i do, i think of really more as modern montessori toys.
whats the fewest pieces we could use to make a little life form
because the death of a child is compensated by one more child.
its really messy.
bf ok, sorry.
weve returned more than four billion gallons of water to degraded ecosystems.
and there is a reason for some suspicion and uncertainly about it.
so i took this opportunity to collect some samples from jonas tumor and also some samples from other parts of his body.
he knew, in ireland, that his son would live, and that in ethiopia, his son would die.
john kasaona how poachers became caretakers
so, thats one general conclusion about why societies make bad decisions conflicts of interest.
and i think we have lost our connection, and this is a wonderful way of reconnecting to our environment.

and theyve gone on to create the revolutions in software and biotechnology and keep the u.s. at the forefront.
well be showing the video at the end, but before we do, i want to talk a little bit about what it is that they wanted.
so every time you buy tickets on ticketmaster, you help to digitize a book.
and it would just be insincere of me not to address those problems.
the picture there is khrushchev.
stop. do you see the pattern
or is it celebrity status
and then my pickled jellyfish at the hong kong supermarket on route  in east brunswick.
thelma golden, curator at the studio museum in harlem, talks through three recent shows that explore how art examines and redefines culture. the postblack artists she works with are using their art to provoke a new dialogue about race and culture  and about the meaning of art itself.
todd kuiken okay, so after your amputation, you healed up.
thats how the world found out about sars.
so after seeing these shocking statistics, i thought to myself, okay, even if im not just doing it for myself and the fact that i dont want to bathe, i at least need to do it to try to save the world.
rs that one is joshuas. thats right.
business,global issues,politics
so we decided not to throw the guy out and to rerun the experiment.
it feels the dna origami.
i didnt have the rest of my life to do this project.
the other great influence is the mines canary.
thank you very much.
and they do that here, and that knocks the coins down the slot, and when that happens, they get a peanut.
so thats precisely what im setting out to do.
we never succeeded in using ten fingers, but there are certain things you can do, obviously, with more than onefinger input, which is rather fascinating.
and when i talk about darwinian evolution, i mean one thing and one thing only, and that is survival of the fittest.
he wanted me to go to a private school, and he gave me an option.
and if you can hit that lowerright sound icon, thats an example of what was recorded in the scanner.
if you have epilepsy, there is an instance of billions of brain cells, or at least millions, discharging in pathological concert.
genesis chapter one, verse , where god talks about legumes and seeds, and on one more stanza about green plants, ostensibly missing is meat.
thats why, im trying to say, its like metronizing the bus.
ive become uncomfortable when im separated from my laptop.